Member-Travel-Fund.md, before:

## Purpose

To establish and administer a fund for members of the Node.js
Foundation to travel and spread knowledge about and support the foundation
and the Node.js Foundation projects.

## Restrictions

* Candidates must be Individual Members of the Node.js Foundation.

## Process

Any member can apply for travel funds. Each request may take up to a month
for the TSC to approve or decline.

* Open a pull request against this repository which adds an entry to the table at the bottom of this file.
 * Include the name of the event you plan to attend.
 * Include the location of the event and where you will be traveling from.
 * Include the presentation you intend to give, if applicable.
 * Include the size of the stipend you wish to receive.
  * Reimbursement stipends are expected to vary with travel distance.
* Once the final amount spent is known, update the table again with that information.

The TSC will consider each proposal in its next regular meeting. While it is
ultimately at the TSC's discretion who to approve the following considerations
are made.

* Impact: Preference given to underserved communities. More specifically,
within a subject the foundation is trying to promote awareness about (e.g.
general knowledge about the foundation) there are people, communities and
geographies where that knowledge is not very widespread. This is where
preference will be given. For instance, an event in San Francisco would be
less attractive than an event of the same size in Kansas City.
* Cost: The larger the stipend the more critically the TSC will consider the application.
Budget for this program is a finite resource.
* Equity: Preference given to individuals who do not have a corporate travel fund and have
not previously received a stipend.

Name | Event | Kind of participation | Location | Date | Stipend size
---- | ----- | --------------------- | -------- | ---- | ------------
Rich Trott | NINA 2016 | Collaborator Summit and Code & Learn | Austin, TX, US | 29 Nov – 2 Dec 2016 | US$ 2000
Anna Henningsen | NINA 2016 | Collaborator Summit and Code & Learn | Austin, TX, US | 29 Nov – 2 Dec 2016 | US$ 2530
Stephen Belanger | NINA 2016 | Collaborator Summit | Austin, TX, US | 1 Dec – 2 Dec 2016 | US$ 800
Italo A. Casas | NINA 2016 | Collaborator Summit | Austin, TX, US | 1 Dec – 2 Dec 2016 | US$ 644
Anna Henningsen | TC39 Meeting | Attendance | San Jose, CA, US | 24 Jan – 26 Jan 2017 | US$ 1048
Michaël Zasso | Collaborator Summit | Attendance | Berlin, DE | 4 May – 5 May 2017 | US$ 318
Anna Henningsen | Collaborator Summit | Attendance | Berlin, DE | 4 May – 5 May 2017 | US$ 240
Santiago Gimeno | Collaborator Summit | Attendance | Berlin, DE | 4 May – 5 May 2017 | US$ 160
Calvin Metcalf | Collaborator Summit | Attendance | Berlin, DE | 4 May – 5 May 2017 | US$ 600
Никита Сковорода | Collaborator Summit | Attendance | Berlin, DE | 4 May – 5 May 2017 | €573
Bryan English | JSConf.cn 2017 | Code & Learn Mentor | Shanghai, CN | 15 July - 16 July 2017 | $1100

Commit message:

Coordinate travel fund across project committees

Member-Travel-Fund.md, after:

## Purpose

To establish and administer a fund for members of the Node.js
Foundation to travel, spread knowledge about, and support the Node.js 
Foundation projects.

## Restrictions

* Candidates must be Individual Members of the Node.js Foundation.

### Travel Fund Administrators

Members of both the TSC and CommComm are responsible for approving fund requests
and communicating approval/denial through the PR filed by the member requesting. 

Travel fund admins will consider each proposal tagged for their respective group 
in its next regular meeting. Requests tagged for both committees must be coordinated 
and communicated together by the Chair of each. See considerations below to set 
yourself up for success to be approved.

Linux Foundation Accounts Payable and the Node.js community manager are responsible for 
verifying the requester is an Individual Member of the Node.js Foundation and dispersing funds,
as required to receive funds(see Reimbursement below).

## Process

Any member can apply for travel funds. Each request may take up to a month
for the travel fund administrators to approve or decline.

### Request
* Open a pull request against this repository which adds an entry to the table at the bottom of this file.
 * Include the name of the event you plan to attend.
 * Include the location of the event and where you will be traveling from.
 * Include the presentation you intend to give, if applicable.
 * Include the size of the stipend you wish to receive.
  * Reimbursement stipends are expected to vary with travel distance.
  * In the PR description, tag the group relevant to the request: @nodejs/tsc or @nodejs/commcomm-members. If unsure, include both.
* Once the final amount spent is known, update the table again with that information.

### Reimbursement
Once the request has been approved, provide receipts as attachments in an email stating your name, the participation covered, and the total approved for reimbursement. Send to ap@linuxfoundation.org and cc tracyhinds@linuxfoundation.org with subject ```Node.js Member Travel Fund```. Due to privacy, the Individual Members list is not public. This team will verify the requester is on the Individual Members list before funds are dispersed. This dispersement is generally processed within 30 days. 

**The following considerations are made for approval of the request:**

* Impact: Preference given to underserved communities. More specifically,
within a subject the foundation is trying to promote awareness about (e.g.
general knowledge about the foundation) there are people, communities and
geographies where that knowledge is not very widespread. This is where
preference will be given. For instance, an event in San Francisco would be
less attractive than an event of the same size in Kansas City.
* Cost: The larger the stipend the more critically the travel fund admins will 
consider the application. Budget for this program is a finite resource.
* Equity: Preference given to individuals who do not have a corporate travel fund and have
not previously received a stipend.

Examples of prior travel requests include attending a TC39 meeting, Collab Summit, and Code + Learn mentoring.

## 2017 Approved Travel Requests  
Name | Event | Kind of participation | Location | Date | Stipend size
---- | ----- | --------------------- | -------- | ---- | ------------
Rich Trott | NINA 2016 | Collaborator Summit and Code & Learn | Austin, TX, US | 29 Nov – 2 Dec 2016 | US$ 2000
Anna Henningsen | NINA 2016 | Collaborator Summit and Code & Learn | Austin, TX, US | 29 Nov – 2 Dec 2016 | US$ 2530
Stephen Belanger | NINA 2016 | Collaborator Summit | Austin, TX, US | 1 Dec – 2 Dec 2016 | US$ 800
Italo A. Casas | NINA 2016 | Collaborator Summit | Austin, TX, US | 1 Dec – 2 Dec 2016 | US$ 644
Anna Henningsen | TC39 Meeting | Attendance | San Jose, CA, US | 24 Jan – 26 Jan 2017 | US$ 1048
Michaël Zasso | Collaborator Summit | Attendance | Berlin, DE | 4 May – 5 May 2017 | US$ 318
Anna Henningsen | Collaborator Summit | Attendance | Berlin, DE | 4 May – 5 May 2017 | US$ 240
Santiago Gimeno | Collaborator Summit | Attendance | Berlin, DE | 4 May – 5 May 2017 | US$ 160
Calvin Metcalf | Collaborator Summit | Attendance | Berlin, DE | 4 May – 5 May 2017 | US$ 600
Никита Сковорода | Collaborator Summit | Attendance | Berlin, DE | 4 May – 5 May 2017 | €573
Bryan English | JSConf.cn 2017 | Code & Learn Mentor | Shanghai, CN | 15 July - 16 July 2017 | $1100
