Security-Team.md, before:

# Node.js Security Team

Node.js security team members are expected to keep all information that they
have privileged access to by being on the team completely private to the team.
This includes agreeing to not notify anyone outside the team of issues that have
not yet been disclosed publicly, including the existence of issues, expectations
of upcoming releases, and patching of any issues other than in the process of
their work as a member of the security team.

## Node.js Security Team Membership Policy

The Node.js Security Team has access to security-sensitive issues and patches
that aren't appropriate for public availability.

The policy for inclusion is as follows:

1. All members of @nodejs/TSC have access to private security reports and
   private patches.
2. Members of the @nodejs/releasers team
   have access to private security patches in order to produce releases.
3. On a case-by-case basis, individuals outside the Technical Steering
   Committee are invited by the TSC to have access to private security reports
   or private patches so that their expertise can be applied to an issue or
   patch. This access may be temporary or permanent, as decided by the TSC.

Membership on the security teams can be requested via an issue in the TSC repo.

## Team responsible for Triaging security reports

The responsibility of Triage is to determine whether Node.js must take any
action to mitigate the issue, and if so, to ensure that the action is taken.

Mitigation may take many forms, for example, a Node.js security release that
includes a fix, documentation, an informational CVE or blog post.

<!-- ncu-team-sync.team(nodejs/security-triage) -->

* [@mcollina](https://github.com/mcollina) - Matteo Collina
* [@vdeturckheim](https://github.com/vdeturckheim) - Vladimir de Turckheim

<!-- ncu-team-sync end -->

## Team with access to private security reports against Node.js

The [TSC](https://github.com/nodejs/node#tsc-technical-steering-committee)
have access.

In addition, these individuals have access:

* [kumarak](https://github.com/kumarak) - **Akshay K**
* [mike-myers-tob](https://github.com/mike-myers-tob) - **Mike Myers**
* [tn3rt](https://github.com/tn3rt) - **Trent Brunson**
* [vdeturckheim](https://github.com/vdeturckheim) - **Vladimir de Turckheim**
* [woodruffw-tob](https://github.com/woodruffw) - **William Woodruff**
* [xlauko](https://github.com/xlauko) - **Heinrich Lauko**

The list is from the [member page](https://hackerone.com/nodejs/team_members) for
the Node.js program on HackerOne.

## Team with access to private security patches to Node.js

<!-- ncu-team-sync.team(nodejs-private/security) -->

* [@aduh95](https://github.com/aduh95) - Antoine du Hamel
* [@alessandrogario](https://github.com/alessandrogario) - Alessandro Gario
* [@apapirovski](https://github.com/apapirovski) - Anatoli Papirovski
* [@BethGriggs](https://github.com/BethGriggs) - Bethany Nicolle Griggs
* [@BridgeAR](https://github.com/BridgeAR) - Ruben Bridgewater
* [@ChALkeR](https://github.com/ChALkeR) - Сковорода Никита Андреевич
* [@cjihrig](https://github.com/cjihrig) - Colin Ihrig
* [@codebytere](https://github.com/codebytere) - Shelley Vohr
* [@danielleadams](https://github.com/danielleadams) - Danielle Adams
* [@fhinkel](https://github.com/fhinkel) - F. Hinkelmann
* [@gabrielschulhof](https://github.com/gabrielschulhof) - Gabriel Schulhof
* [@gireeshpunathil](https://github.com/gireeshpunathil) - Gireesh Punathil
* [@jasnell](https://github.com/jasnell) - James M Snell
* [@joyeecheung](https://github.com/joyeecheung) - Joyee Cheung
* [@kumarak](https://github.com/kumarak) - Akshay K
* [@mcollina](https://github.com/mcollina) - Matteo Collina
* [@mhdawson](https://github.com/mhdawson) - Michael Dawson
* [@mike-myers-tob](https://github.com/mike-myers-tob) - Mike Myers
* [@mmarchini](https://github.com/mmarchini) - mary marchini
* [@MylesBorins](https://github.com/MylesBorins) - Myles Borins
* [@richardlau](https://github.com/richardlau) - Richard Lau
* [@ronag](https://github.com/ronag) - Robert Nagy
* [@ruyadorno](https://github.com/ruyadorno) - Ruy Adorno
* [@targos](https://github.com/targos) - Michaël Zasso
* [@tniessen](https://github.com/tniessen) - Tobias Nießen
* [@Trott](https://github.com/Trott) - Rich Trott
* [@vdeturckheim](https://github.com/vdeturckheim) - Vladimir de Turckheim
* [@woodruffw-tob](https://github.com/woodruffw) - William Woodruff
* [@xlauko](https://github.com/xlauko) - Heinrich Lauko

<!-- ncu-team-sync end -->

## Security Triage Workflow

Security issues are reported via HackerOne, see [nodejs.org](https://nodejs.org/en/security/#reporting-a-bug-in-node-js).

Report states are described in HackerOne [docs](https://docs.hackerone.com/programs/report-states.html).

The expected workflow for issues reported to Node.js is:

1. `NEW`: issue reported (initial state).  Issues in this state are in the
   process of being analyzed with the intention to move them into either
   `TRIAGED`, `NEEDS-MORE-INFO`, or one of the "Closed" states
   (`NOT-APPLICABLE`, `INFORMATIVE`, etc.). Has several sub-states:
   1. `H1 Triage`: Issues start off assigned to the `H1 Triage` team. That team
      does initial triage. They ask for a runnable reproduction, they run it,
      and they verify whether it does in fact appear to demonstrate a
      vulnerability that has not already been reported. Once this is done, they
      assign the issue to the `Node.js Team`.
   2. `Node.js Team`: Issues assigned by `H1 Triage`, or issues that Node.js
      assigns to itself for triage preemptively (perhaps because of priority, or
      because its disposition is obvious, or any other reason we decide to
      skip the `H1 Team`'s reproduction).
   3. `NEEDS-MORE-INFO`: In the state of back-and-forth with reporter. When
      further progress on the issue is blocked on response from the reporter,
      this is the state.
2. `TRIAGED`: State for an issue when it is a non-duplicate and resolvable.
   Issues in this state are waiting for the Node.js team to take some action to
   resolve them. Typically, this would be publishing a Node.js release that
   resolves the issue, but it could also be publishing documentation, or making
   a configuration change to our infrastructure for a <https://nodejs.org>
   problem. The expected resolution should be described in a comment on the
   issue when it is moved to `TRIAGED`.
   * ...: There are no explicit states for an issue as it is in process of
     getting resolved. Comments on the issue when someone is working on it are
     useful, as is assignment of the issue to a person who agrees to be
     responsible for following it through to resolution and disclosure.
   * Once a fix is ready for release, the issue should be assigned to the
     `Ready for release` team, and a comment added indicating the relevant PRs
     that need to be merged during the release process.
3. `RESOLVED`: State for an issue that has had a fix published. Issues in this
   state should be disclosed.
4. ...: Final states for issues that we will not fix:
   * `NOT-APPLICABLE`: The issue reported is not a vulnerability. We can request
     that the reporter close it to preserve their H1 "reputation points".  If
     it is an issue, though not a vulnerability, we can suggest that it be
     reported to the Node.js issue tracker.
   * `INFORMATIVE`: This means we agree that the report contains useful
     information, but we don't intend to publish a fix. This might be because
     it isn't possible, or because it is in an unsupported API or version. We
     can consider disclosing it if we  think the information should be
     publicized.
   * `DUPLICATE`: The report is a duplicate of an already reported issue. It
     should not need disclosure, because the original issue will be disclosed
     after it is resolved.
   * `SPAM`: Self-explanatory (and rare).
5. Disclosure: This is not a HackerOne report state, but it is the final state
   from our perspective. Disclosure should be considered once an issue is
   closed. See the
   [disclosure docs](https://docs.hackerone.com/programs/disclosure.html).

Commit message:

doc: update triage workflow (#1127)
In consultation with folks at the security triage meeting, here are some triage workflow updates.

Security-Team.md, after:

# Node.js Security Team

Node.js security team members are expected to keep all information that they
have privileged access to by being on the team completely private to the team.
This includes agreeing to not notify anyone outside the team of issues that have
not yet been disclosed publicly, including the existence of issues, expectations
of upcoming releases, and patching of any issues other than in the process of
their work as a member of the security team.

## Node.js Security Team Membership Policy

The Node.js Security Team has access to security-sensitive issues and patches
that aren't appropriate for public availability.

The policy for inclusion is as follows:

1. All members of @nodejs/TSC have access to private security reports and
   private patches.
2. Members of the @nodejs/releasers team
   have access to private security patches in order to produce releases.
3. On a case-by-case basis, individuals outside the Technical Steering
   Committee are invited by the TSC to have access to private security reports
   or private patches so that their expertise can be applied to an issue or
   patch. This access may be temporary or permanent, as decided by the TSC.

Membership on the security teams can be requested via an issue in the TSC repo.

## Team responsible for Triaging security reports

The responsibility of Triage is to determine whether Node.js must take any
action to mitigate the issue, and if so, to ensure that the action is taken.

Mitigation may take many forms, for example, a Node.js security release that
includes a fix, documentation, an informational CVE or blog post.

<!-- ncu-team-sync.team(nodejs/security-triage) -->

* [@mcollina](https://github.com/mcollina) - Matteo Collina
* [@vdeturckheim](https://github.com/vdeturckheim) - Vladimir de Turckheim

<!-- ncu-team-sync end -->

## Team with access to private security reports against Node.js

The [TSC](https://github.com/nodejs/node#tsc-technical-steering-committee)
have access.

In addition, these individuals have access:

* [kumarak](https://github.com/kumarak) - **Akshay K**
* [mike-myers-tob](https://github.com/mike-myers-tob) - **Mike Myers**
* [tn3rt](https://github.com/tn3rt) - **Trent Brunson**
* [vdeturckheim](https://github.com/vdeturckheim) - **Vladimir de Turckheim**
* [woodruffw-tob](https://github.com/woodruffw) - **William Woodruff**
* [xlauko](https://github.com/xlauko) - **Heinrich Lauko**

The list is from the [member page](https://hackerone.com/nodejs/team_members) for
the Node.js program on HackerOne.

## Team with access to private security patches to Node.js

<!-- ncu-team-sync.team(nodejs-private/security) -->

* [@aduh95](https://github.com/aduh95) - Antoine du Hamel
* [@alessandrogario](https://github.com/alessandrogario) - Alessandro Gario
* [@apapirovski](https://github.com/apapirovski) - Anatoli Papirovski
* [@BethGriggs](https://github.com/BethGriggs) - Bethany Nicolle Griggs
* [@BridgeAR](https://github.com/BridgeAR) - Ruben Bridgewater
* [@ChALkeR](https://github.com/ChALkeR) - Сковорода Никита Андреевич
* [@cjihrig](https://github.com/cjihrig) - Colin Ihrig
* [@codebytere](https://github.com/codebytere) - Shelley Vohr
* [@danielleadams](https://github.com/danielleadams) - Danielle Adams
* [@fhinkel](https://github.com/fhinkel) - F. Hinkelmann
* [@gabrielschulhof](https://github.com/gabrielschulhof) - Gabriel Schulhof
* [@gireeshpunathil](https://github.com/gireeshpunathil) - Gireesh Punathil
* [@jasnell](https://github.com/jasnell) - James M Snell
* [@joyeecheung](https://github.com/joyeecheung) - Joyee Cheung
* [@kumarak](https://github.com/kumarak) - Akshay K
* [@mcollina](https://github.com/mcollina) - Matteo Collina
* [@mhdawson](https://github.com/mhdawson) - Michael Dawson
* [@mike-myers-tob](https://github.com/mike-myers-tob) - Mike Myers
* [@mmarchini](https://github.com/mmarchini) - mary marchini
* [@MylesBorins](https://github.com/MylesBorins) - Myles Borins
* [@richardlau](https://github.com/richardlau) - Richard Lau
* [@ronag](https://github.com/ronag) - Robert Nagy
* [@ruyadorno](https://github.com/ruyadorno) - Ruy Adorno
* [@targos](https://github.com/targos) - Michaël Zasso
* [@tniessen](https://github.com/tniessen) - Tobias Nießen
* [@Trott](https://github.com/Trott) - Rich Trott
* [@vdeturckheim](https://github.com/vdeturckheim) - Vladimir de Turckheim
* [@woodruffw-tob](https://github.com/woodruffw) - William Woodruff
* [@xlauko](https://github.com/xlauko) - Heinrich Lauko

<!-- ncu-team-sync end -->

## Security Triage Workflow

Security issues are reported via HackerOne, see [nodejs.org](https://nodejs.org/en/security/#reporting-a-bug-in-node-js).

Report states are described in HackerOne [docs](https://docs.hackerone.com/programs/report-states.html).

The expected workflow for issues reported to Node.js is:

1. `NEW`: issue reported (initial state).  Issues in this state are in the
   process of being analyzed with the intention to move them into either
   `TRIAGED`, `NEEDS-MORE-INFO`, or one of the "Closed" states
   (`NOT-APPLICABLE`, `INFORMATIVE`, etc.). Has several sub-states:
2. `NEEDS-MORE-INFO`: In the state of back-and-forth with reporter. When
   further progress on the issue is blocked on response from the reporter,
   this is the state.
3. `TRIAGED`: State for an issue when it is a non-duplicate and resolvable.
   Issues in this state are waiting for the Node.js team to take some action to
   resolve them. Typically, this would be publishing a Node.js release that
   resolves the issue, but it could also be publishing documentation, or making
   a configuration change to our infrastructure for a <https://nodejs.org>
   problem. The expected resolution should be described in a comment on the
   issue when it is moved to `TRIAGED`.
   * There are no explicit states for an issue as it is in process of
     getting resolved. Comments on the issue when someone is working on it are
     useful, as is assignment of the issue to a person who agrees to be
     responsible for following it through to resolution and disclosure.
   * Once a PR (typically in nodejs-private) is ready for release, add a comment
     indicating when the release is expected.
   * The security release steward will follow the
     [security release process](https://github.com/nodejs/node/blob/master/doc/guides/security-release-process.md).
3. `RESOLVED`: State for an issue that has had a fix published. Issues in this
   state should be disclosed. The security steward sets this state.
4. Final states for issues that we will not fix:
   * `NOT-APPLICABLE`: The issue reported is not a vulnerability. We can request
     that the reporter close it to preserve their H1 "reputation points".  If
     it is an issue, though not a vulnerability, we can suggest that it be
     reported to the Node.js issue tracker.
   * `INFORMATIVE`: This means we agree that the report contains useful
     information, but we don't intend to publish a fix. This might be because
     it isn't possible, or because it is in an unsupported API or version. We
     can consider disclosing it if we think the information should be
     publicized.
   * `DUPLICATE`: The report is a duplicate of an already reported issue. It
     should not need disclosure, because the original issue will be disclosed
     after it is resolved.
   * `SPAM`: Self-explanatory (and rare).
5. Disclosure: This is not a HackerOne report state, but it is the final state
   from our perspective. Disclosure should be considered once an issue is
   closed. See the
   [disclosure docs](https://docs.hackerone.com/programs/disclosure.html).
   If the vulnerability is fixed in a security release, disclosure is handled by
   the security steward.
