# Node Foundation TSC Meeting 2016-04-21

## Links

* **Video Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=usJOL0C_v0Y
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/94
* **Minutes Google Doc**: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1iruXOBUlwbtrdNVkhI_MQF3VpBZvBdS5uUAcqVfOnQc>
* **Previous Minutes Google Doc**: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1pQK1fk7rAjFL8bwQHcmpln9plRqvqcw2Xr4Cp4wTyDo>

## Present

* Rod Vagg (TSC)
* James Snell (TSC)
* Alexis Campailla (TSC)
* Jeremiah Senkpiel (TSC)
* Michael Dawson (Observer)
* Bert Belder (TSC)
* Mikeal Rogers (TSC)

## Agenda

Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.


* Define "Node.js core" [#84](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/84)

## Review of last meeting

* Node.js "Users" feedback [#66](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/66)
* Flatten project, scope TSC, big changes to structure. [#59](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/59)
* Add guidance to proposal section [#53](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/53)


## Standup

* James Snell (TSC): Node.js Board meeting as an observer last week, had interesting conversation around top-level projects and also NPM-related discussions. Ran the VM SuUmmit this week.
* Alexis Campailla (TSC): VM Summit
* Michael Dawson (Observer): VM Summit
* Bryan Hughes: Inclusivity WG, getting some processes in place to get together better moderation policy suggestions
* Josh Gavent (Observer): VM Summit
* Jeremiah Senkpiel (TSC): Working on a github bot for the org, VM Summit, official irc moderation policy first draft

## Minutes

### Define "Node.js core" [#84](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/84)

- James telling us what was discussed at the board meeting

- Refs: https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/77

Board had an underlying question of, “what exactly is node core”?

- Agenda again next week.

## Q/A



## Next Meeting



