# Node Foundation TSC Meeting 2016-09-08

## Links

* **Audio Recording**: <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mtCTkakK7RA>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/135>
* **Minutes Google Doc**: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ku52mOlqBxyGGMFY9phBwcB9bNMOyjwK3F1qVpNWryE>
* _Previous Minutes Google Doc: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZMYiM236GgE9MXaqecOCrUWHhXe94dxTbXHutkp3nnA>

## Present

* Rod Vagg @rvagg (TSC)
* Alexis Campailla @orangemocha (TSC)
* Jeremiah Senkpiel @Fishrock123 (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* James Snell @jasnell (TSC)
* Bryan Hughes @nebrius (TSC)
* Josh Gavant @joshgav (Observer/Microsoft)
* William Kapke @williamkapke (Observer)
* Fedor Indutny @indutny (TSC)
* Jenn Turner @renrutnnej (Observer/Node Foundation)

## Agenda

Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* TSC Elections - Nominations [#129](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/129)
* TSC Elections - One position or two? [#128](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/128)
* Define "Node.js core" - Mark II [#113](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/113)
* Regular roll-up reporting for active working groups [#109](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/109)
* Investigate moving `nvm` into the foundation [#96](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/96)
* Define "Node.js core" [#84](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/84)

## Review of last meeting

* Request to migrate Inclusivity Working Group responsibilities to the Node.js Foundation and TSC [#133](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/133)
* TSC Elections - Nominations [#129](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/129)
* TSC Elections - One position or two? [#128](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/128)
* Define "Node.js core" - Mark II [#113](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/113)
* Regular roll-up reporting for active working groups [#109](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/109)
* Investigate moving `nvm` into the foundation [#96](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/96)

## Minutes

### TSC Elections - Nominations [#129](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/129)

### TSC Elections - One position or two? [#128](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/128)

* Unanimous amongst TSC members present, only 5, + Ben on the issue thread

### Define "Node.js core" - Mark II [#113](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/113)

### Define "Node.js core" [#84](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/84)

* No movement on this, will attempt to start toward finalisation within the next month

### Regular roll-up reporting for active working groups [#109](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/109)

* No movement on this, will attempt to start toward finalisation within the next month

### Investigate moving `nvm` into the foundation [#96](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/96)

### Adding docs for github-bot [github-bot#96](https://github.com/nodejs/github-bot/pull/66)

* Discussion

### Elevated GitHub Admin permissions on a separated Bot [github-bot#72](https://github.com/nodejs/github-bot/issues/72)

* Give out `admin:org` scope to the bot given that the build team can deploy to an environment that has it and is protected in a similar way to release machines.

## Q/A

No public questions

## Next Meeting

2016-09-22
