# Node.js Foundation TSC Meeting 2016-12-15

## Links

* **Audio Recording**: <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r1chJO9nbRQ>
* **GitHub Issue**: [TSC#167](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/167)
* **Minutes Google Doc**:
  <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1gQHht4zN23pbwrDkNjnKv0Bn40nNJ-9Td6AeOHaAHbU>
* _Previous Minutes Google Doc_:
  <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1eUe2T9B7YMKmmAt0iskCP76kmKvhCkdxMdfqTg99yDU>

## Present

* Bryan Hughes @nebrius (TSC)
* Jeremiah Senkpiel @Fishrock123 (TSC)
* Rod Vagg @rvagg (TSC)
* James Snell @jasnell (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Anna Henningsen @addaleax (observer/CTC)
* Josh Gavant @joshgav (observer/Microsoft)
* William Kapke @williamkapke (observer)
* Tracy Hinds @hackygolucky (observer/NF)
* Jenn Turner @jennwrites (observer/NF)
* Mikeal Rogers @mikeal (observer/NF)


## Agenda

Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the
**nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/TSC

* Travel fund request for Anna Henningsen for TC39 in January
  [#176](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/176)
* Formation of a Security Working Group
  [#175](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/175)
* Updating the Copyright [#174](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/174)
* Utilize travel fund for all CTC / TSC members who want to come to Node
  Interactive [#147](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/147)
* Add scope of responsibility for TSC ("Define Node Core" cont.)
  [#144](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/144)
* charter: revised membership rules
  [#142](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/142)
* Investigate moving `nvm` into the foundation
  [#96](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/96)


## Review of last meeting

* Investigate moving `nvm` into the foundation
  [#96](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/96)

  * version-management discussion group to continue discussing strategy.

* Consider folding TSC into CTC [#146](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/146)

  * Deferred due to no strong proponents, could be revisited later.

* Utilize travel fund for all CTC / TSC members who want to come to Node
  Interactive [#147](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/147)
* Add scope of responsibility for TSC ("Define Node Core" cont.)
  [#144](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/144)
* charter: revised membership rules
  [#142](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/142)


## Minutes

### Travel fund request for Anna Henningsen for TC39 in January [#176](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/176)

Request for up to $3000 for travel from Germany to San Jose, CA in January.

@rvagg: Seems sentiment is that more representation for Node.js at TC39 is
always helpful.

@Fishrock123: What is the goal?

@addaleax: Primary motivation is to broaden perspectives and representation.

@mikeal: Also helpful to include attendees not from large companies.

Anna is comfortable with the politics involved.

@rvagg: TSC members please respond in issue.

---

### Formation of a Security Working Group [#175](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/175)

@rvagg: Discussed at Collab Summit following Node Interactive NA 2016. This WG
will handle policy; actual vulnerabilities still to be handled by existing
security group.

@williamkapke: Board has approved integration of Node Security Project, now in
the hands of technical groups. Seems this should be a top-level project with its
own TC, we should discuss.

Security WG may be orthogonal to NSP integration.

@mhdawson: Need to bridge from previous discussions with Adam Baldwin to members
of new Security WG, and ensure focus of WG.

@mikeal: Foundation is now taking responsibility for managing vulnerabilities
and disclosures for core *and* module ecosystem.

All seem to agree that there should be a separate group for vulnerabilities in
core. The Security WG would be a broader group to manage vulnerabilities in the
module ecosystem.

@rvagg: This Security “WG” needn’t be a full-fledged WG to start, but instead
provide advice on how to best integrate NSP.

Schedule a meeting and include Adam to begin investigating this.

First meeting scheduled for 12/22 at 2000 UTC:
<https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/6>

@mikeal: I’d recommend this group be under the TSC rather than a top-level
project. But we’ll look to the advice of this advisory group.

@sam-github to connect with @rvagg and @mikeal as needed.

---

### Updating the Copyright [#174](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/174)

@mikeal: Advice from our legal advisors is to revise file headers to mention
Joyent as originally written. Shouldn’t we delegate responsibility for legal
matters to professional lawyers?

@rvagg: This is one of our first engagements with true legal professionals.

@mikeal: Official legal advice can’t be posted publicly, which makes this more
difficult.

Ultimately, the Board has responsibility and right to make these decisions.

@jasnell: This is something we have to do. Just need to finalize details in PR.

@rvagg: Need to be sure to address legitimate concerns.

@jasnell: Will also introduce a second (follow-on) PR to update and reduce
headers after initial restoration.

There will then be 2 PRs:

1. Restore headers to original text mentioning Joyent etc.
2. Update and reduce headers to something more desirable, such as SPDX, URL to
license, etc.

---

### Utilize travel fund for all CTC / TSC members who want to come to Node Interactive [#147](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/147)

@mikeal: Those who were approved should fill in the Google doc template and send
to ap@linuxfoundation.org and CC mikeal.rogers@linuxfoundation.org.

Might be this:
<https://drive.google.com/previewtemplate?id=0Ak7JTr_5ZgQBdHVEOG5rX0FYdTNzak5IQnh6cnp0dXc&mode=public&ddrp=1>

@nebrius: Current guidelines limit ability to utilize funds to specific cases
not including this use.

@mikeal: Board approved that TSC should determine how to use and distribute
funds, so approvals for Node Interactive by TSC are allowed. Actual document
isn’t binding.

TSC should therefore review current document and update to actual usage.

Initial allocation for 2017 was reduced because we didn’t need/use that much in
2016, and if more is needed TSC should request from Board.

@mikeal: Set up doc in GitHub and make requests for funds via PRs.

@addaleax will set this up.

**Next steps:**

* Update guidance document.
* Set up request system via GitHub doc and PRs.

---

### Add scope of responsibility for TSC ("Define Node Core" cont.)
[#144](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/144)

@rvagg: Reviewed with Board. Only feedback was no mention of projects brought in
by Board, which Rod will add.

---

### charter: revised membership rules
[#142](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/142)

Revisit in new year.

---

### Investigate moving `nvm` into the foundation
[#96](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/96)

@joshgav: In last meeting concluded that we first need to determine conventions
and standards for version management - global paths, PATH updating, JS or not
etc. Then can decide if/which implementation to fully support.

Recognized change in original scope of Foundation as an “umbrella” for all
Node-related projects to specific focus on core. JS Foundation is better
equipped to act as umbrella and home for projects needing that.

Latest meeting (see last section):
<https://github.com/nodejs/version-management/blob/master/meetings/2016-12-01.md>

See also: <https://github.com/nodejs/version-management/issues/10>


---

## Q/A

None.

---
## Next Meeting

Node.js Foundation calendar:
<https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=kap.co_i17i575te0aes6kaanfjr2e4hs%40group.calendar.google.com>

Dec 29 at 2000 UTC (12pm Pacific).

