# Node Foundation TSC Meeting 2016-02-18

## Links

* **Video Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T6wFkZgnNEQ
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/50
* **Minutes Google Doc**: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1S1hzSEB1-_b2cHhcCSXRIiH1irWiWfLS4KawKQMPwvI>
* **Previous Minutes Google Doc**: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1P63hrV4WRdaQ5dAf4or0gP8-mBnuSyIdqFlFsFM-MBM>

## Present

* Rod Vagg (TSC)
* Mikeal Rogers (Observer)
* James Snell (TSC)
* Alexis Campailla (TSC)
* Jeremiah Senkpiel (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig (TSC)
* Bert Belder (TSC)
* Michael Dawson (Observer)

## Agenda

Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* Preferred meeting tools [#48](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/48)
* Scope of the TSC (and Incubator)
* Probably should re-name incubator.


## Standup

Note from mikeal: do we need standups in the TSC meeting? can we do a “projects standup” instead where we get an update from each project?

## Review of last meeting

* Express PR https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/39
* non-express business

## Minutes

### Preferred meeting tools [#48](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/48)

Mikeal: Covered last week.

### Improve process and coordination w/ the Foundation PR team [#43](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/43)


### add initial TLP application for the Appium project [#34](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/34)

- Still delaying for now.

### Submitting NodeConf to the Foundation. [#28](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/28)

- Still delaying for now.

### General discussion about projects entering the foundation

- Lots of details, looking to find some better way to quantify importance to the node.js ecosystem for the TSC members to be able to make more informed decisions.

### Express update

Jeremiah: Still working on getting a first meeting.

James: Timezones are pretty conflicting.

Jeremiah: Been a bit slow but everything seems ok.

## Next Meeting

2016-02-11
