# Node Foundation TSC Meeting 2016-11-03

## Links

* **Audio Recording**: <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zOLAHZu6HQM>
* **GitHub Issue**: [TSC#160](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/160)
* **Minutes Google Doc**:
  <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1c8KaYJHnSVNQeEVyFdnK4J7PbH_LnR-NpG_YUGUftB8>
* _Previous Minutes Google Doc_:
  <https://docs.google.com/document/d/16-3u9OV7t4E0kVZsZxRtrhTJimZUwzOCbHoCLjsYYas>

## Present

* Bryan Hughes @nebrius (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Jeremiah Senkpiel @Fishrock123 (TSC)
* Rod Vagg @rvagg (TSC)
* Bert Belder @piscisareus (TSC)
* Josh Gavant @joshgav (observer/Microsoft)
* William Kapke @williamkapke (observer)
* Anna Henningson @addaleax (observer/CTC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (observer/CTC)
* Mikeal Rogers @mikeal (observer/NF)

## Agenda

Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the
**nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/TSC

* Consider folding TSC into CTC [#146](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/146)
* charter: revised membership rules [#142](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/142)
* Investigate moving `nvm` into the foundation [#96](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/96)

## Review of last meeting

* Utilize travel fund for all CTC / TSC members who want to come to Node Interactive [#147](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/147)
* Consider folding TSC into CTC [#146](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/146)
* Investigate moving `nvm` into the foundation [#96](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/96)

## Minutes

### Consider folding TSC into CTC [#146](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/146)

Main concern is how this would work. We need proposals for models to discuss.

Jeremiah: Administrative responsibilities will still need to be delegated to a
sub-team. Not that different from what we already have.

Michael: Concern that as of today the TSC has full responsibility and delegates
to CTC.

William: Organization of Node naturally encourages bottom-up decision making and
that should continue. TSC on top of CTC shouldn’t change that.

Josh: Perhaps set baseline for TSC responsibilities and give a one-time option
to CTC members to join.

Michael: CTC members may want to participate in a small subset of issues in TSC.
How do we facilitate that without requiring them to be involved in the full set
of issues?

Bryan: Although we could make this a bit better, there may be a lot of effort
required.

Mikeal: Straightforward reading of charter implies a single TSC/CTC.

William: An open-door policy to allow CTC members to join the TSC makes sense.

Josh: Currently no one can join the TSC except perhaps CTC members.

Rod: Main goal of TSC/CTC split was to facilitate additional projects in the
Foundation. Now we’ve decided not to act as an umbrella so the purpose of this
group is in question.

Rod: If we solve the membership question - who should be part of CTC and TSC,
will that solve this issue?

Josh: Perhaps still a question of redundancy between CTC and TSC.

Rod: Emphasize the Board supports the TSC, TSC supports the CTC. Their role is
to _serve_ the sub-bodies.

Mikeal: Perhaps outline the areas which the TSC holds sole responsibility for.

Rod: And areas where TSC shares responsibilities with CTC.

Mikeal: Also Board representation is tied to TSC membership.

Bryan: Perhaps model relationship between TSC and CTC similarly to the Board and
TSC. That is, constrain powers of TSC in technical decisions.

Mikeal: Let’s list the responsibilities of each group.

Mikeal: Once responsibility has been delegated to a working group it has
independent control of that domain. The only way the higher body can override
that delegation is by cancelling it outright.

The same applies to TSC and CTC.

**Next**:

* Rod to discuss with CTC and better understand their concerns.

***

### charter: revised membership rules [#142](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/142)

William: We should change bylaws accordingly once we make changes locally (in
GitHub).

***

### Investigate moving `nvm` into the foundation [#96](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/96)

Josh: Let’s start an experimental group and invite all stakeholders to meet and
recommend a roadmap and strategy. See my gist justifying this:
<https://gist.github.com/joshgav/7f08a8ee8680f90a58ba23c7fbeeb6f1>

Group: Are we saying we won’t take nvm? A: We may take nvm, start something new,
or otherwise. We want recommendations and plan from the group.

**Next**:

* Bring people together in <https://github.com/nodejs/version-management> to
  collaborate and make a roadmap/recommendation to TSC and CTC.
* Revisit in next meeting (11/17).

***

### Other

William: Live TSC or CTC meetings at Node.js Interactive?

Rod: If William can handle logistics.

***

## Q/A

None.

***

## Next Meeting

Thursday, 2016-11-17, 8pm UTC
