# Node Foundation TSC Meeting 2016-09-22

## Links

* **Audio Recording**: <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y2zBT9t42Fg>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/143>
* **Minutes Google Doc**: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YOe-9yjpVbsPURcWI2yoJenFQSaMEbMaeurkIRMM938>
* _Previous Minutes Google Doc: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ku52mOlqBxyGGMFY9phBwcB9bNMOyjwK3F1qVpNWryE>

## Present

* Rod Vagg @rvagg (TSC)
* Jeremiah Senkpiel @Fishrock123 (TSC)
* Anna Henningsen @addaleax (observer/CTC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* James Snell @jasnell (TSC)
* Bryan Hughes @nebrius (TSC)
* Josh Gavant @joshgav (observer/Microsoft)
* William Kapke @williamkapke (observer)
* Bert Belder @piscisaureus (TSC)
* Jenn Turner @renrutnnej (observer/Node Foundation)

## Agenda

Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/TSC

* Add scope of responsibility for TSC ("Define Node Core" cont.) [#144](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/144)
* charter: revised membership rules [#142](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/142)
* Request for Foundation funds to get @Fishrock123 to SF for ES Modules meetings [#141](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/141)
* Switching the default license from MIT to Apache v2 [#139](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/139)
* Regular roll-up reporting for active working groups [#109](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/109)
* Investigate moving `nvm` into the foundation [#96](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/96)

### nodejs/github-bot

* Elevated GitHub Admin permissions on a separated Bot [#72](https://github.com/nodejs/github-bot/issues/72)
* Add docs required by TSC [#66](https://github.com/nodejs/github-bot/pull/66)

## Review of last meeting

* TSC Elections - Nominations [#129](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/129)
* TSC Elections - One position or two? [#128](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/128)
* Define "Node.js core" - Mark II [#113](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/113)
* Regular roll-up reporting for active working groups [#109](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/109)
* Investigate moving `nvm` into the foundation [#96](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/96)
* Define "Node.js core" [#84](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/84)

## Minutes

### Add scope of responsibility for TSC ("Define Node Core" cont.) [#144](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/144)

* New PR to roll up the existing discussions
* Brief discussion but will take it back to GitHub

### charter: revised membership rules [#142](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/142)

* Discussion had diverged a bit so agreed to

### Request for Foundation funds to get @Fishrock123 to SF for ES Modules meetings [#141](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/141)

* Need More financial information from the foundation in general
* Vote passed among present TSC members

* Collab Summit was under-attended
* Code & Learn needs to be distinct from Collab Summit, NIEU experience wasnâ€™t great there due to the lack of separate meeting places and having them on the same day

### Switching the default license from MIT to Apache v2 [#139](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/139)

### Regular roll-up reporting for active working groups [#109](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/109)

### Investigate moving `nvm` into the foundation [#96](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/96)

### Elevated GitHub Admin permissions on a separated Bot [github-bot#72](https://github.com/nodejs/github-bot/issues/72)

### Add docs required by TSC [github-bot#66](https://github.com/nodejs/github-bot/pull/66)

## Q/A
