# Node Foundation TSC Meeting 2016-01-14

## Links

* **Video Recording**: Not available
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/31
* **Minutes Google Doc**: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1jYeIgo3rEUyV0haqFQ4pEvo2lDVitJMWNeIXLRrssuM/edit>
* **Previous Minutes Google Doc**: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1_37koaKsVacCB6_iBdZ1qka5UVzKVF3fm6QUBpveuFk

## Present

* Rod Vagg (TSC)
* Mikeal Rogers (Observer)
* James Snell (TSC)
* Alexis Campailla (TSC)
* Jeremiah Senkpiel (TSC)

## Agenda

Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/TSC

* add inclusivity working group [#29](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/29)


## Standup

* Skipped


## Review of last meeting


* Small meeting, only James, Mikeal and Jeremiah, no official notes but the recording will be made available


## Minutes

### add inclusivity working group [#29](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/29)

* Quick discussion about the PR, James mentioned the original objection was regarding language around “enforcement” which has now been changed to a “resource for enforcement”.
* No objections, Inclusivity WG was ratified as a top-level WG, group agreed to reach out and ask them to nominate someone to the TSC (it was noted that we don’t have a formal requirement to add WG members to the TSC, just top-level _projects_.)

## Next Meeting

2016-01-21
