# Node Foundation TSC Meeting 2016-06-30

## Links

* **Video Recording**: https://youtu.be/NSiOB1XcUDU
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/115 
* **Minutes Google Doc**: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1eUpQNVdupAlsyvVVEnu8za6d8aBhOv9bEZK9FVWm8ds>
* _Previous Minutes Google Doc: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1WMrf2OmU11zqlu9SAHeKq8dwH1CSnW-eavLZ8kPCAJo>

## Present

* Rod Vagg (TSC)
* Alexis Campailla (TSC)
* Jeremiah Senkpiel (TSC)
* Michael Dawson (Observer)
* James M Snell (TSC)
* Bryan Hughes

## Agenda

Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* Regular roll-up reporting for active working groups [#109](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/109)
* Add @nebrius as a member of the TSC [#108](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/108)
* Define "Node.js core" [#84](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/84)

## Review of last meeting

### nodejs/TSC

* Regular roll-up reporting for active working groups [#109](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/109)
* Add @nebrius as a member of the TSC [#108](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/108)
* Define "Node.js core" [#84](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/84)

## Standup


* Michael Dawson - first cut at Define “Node.js core” - Mark II -  https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/113
* Jeremiah: William Kapke submitted PRs to all repos in nodejs to update the DCO to 1.1, merged the last of those
* James: Working on WHAT-WG URL implementation in core
* Rod: Security release - need to document the process to help share the load because it can be a lot of work. Foundation board meeting.
* Bryan: Inclusivity WG offboarding an individual

## Minutes

### Add @nebrius as a member of the TSC [#108](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/108)

* Ratified membership, adding votes from last meeting and on GitHub.

### Regular roll-up reporting for active working groups [#109](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/109)

* Rod still to post to GitHub

### Define "Node.js core" [#84](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/84)

* Michael Dawson on https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/113 (Mark II) tried to make a list of things that we would want to do independently with the board. Didn’t make a distinction between CTC and TSC at this stage:
  * Code/repo changes for existing content under github/nodejs
  * Standards and process regarding contributions (Mikeal: the charter has some overlap here, particularly re single company restrictions, language could be “except as constrained by the charter”)
  * Usage of build tools and infrastructure (Rod: could clarify the language to talk about usage rather than ownership or creation of)
  * External tools that are used and included in Node distributions (npm, node-gyp), but not pulling them into the Foundation
  * Creating new repositories under github/nodejs and building new code/components in these repositories that may or may not be shipped as part of Node (Discussion: could add some more constraint wording here, lots more discussion about including the board in this process - requiring sign-off from them for bringing things in to the Foundation)
  * Overall technical direction for Node.js.

Discussion about informing the board vs getting their OK.

Mikeal talked about the subtleties regarding ownership and reassignment as it relates to the Foundation and the charter. Mikeal to put some caveat wording into the issue.

## Q/A



## Next Meeting

2016-07-07
