# Node Foundation TSC Meeting 2016-02-04

## Links

* **Video Recording**: Not available
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/41>
* **Minutes Google Doc**: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1wJ0fuc1BcPn1armdR3D5NF6lTGyA3SiBCDktc2p5Voo>
* **Previous Minutes Google Doc**: nil\_

## Present

* Rod Vagg (TSC)
* Mikeal Rogers (Observer)
* James Snell (TSC)
* Alexis Campailla (TSC)
* Jeremiah Senkpiel (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig (TSC)
* Michael Dawson (Observer)

## Agenda

Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

## Standup

skipped (we all met yesterday)

## Review of last meeting

nothing officially covered

## Minutes

### Express PR <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/39>

James: moved quickly since last week, Doug has decided to contribute a large portion of his modules to the submission. Updated PR today, basic idea is to have a rough TC containing current owners of express, pillarjs, jshtttp org owners \[RV: not sure I have that list correct]. There are a large number of modules that are included. Lots to be done on the PR still.

Mikeal: multiple-org thing is reshaping our assumptions about what the incubator would look like and what the process looks like. Makes sense to assign 2 mentors to express and 2 to libuv. Tell other projects that we are taking a month-long hiatus to figure this stuff out and build up base-level documentation.

James: lots of modules being proposed are outside of express, we need to decide what to do with these.

Jeremiah: do we need every dependency to be in the foundation?

Mikeal: only actual requirement is that any module being brought in are under an org controlled by the Foundation. Let the TC decide.

James: only Mikeal is in the orgs under question, suggest we add all TSC members to that.

Mikeal: that’s a lot of people, suggest we hold off on this. We can add moderators later on, or the TC can be responsible for moderation.

_discussion about moderation repos and access_

_discussion around the how to come up with list of packages, general agreement that that should be a role for the TC/WG during the incubation process with very general guidelines._

_discussion around how to connect the efforts with the TSC given time constraints but the need to ensure good communication and a need for mentorship_

James: is there anyone who objects to bringing express in?

_no objection_

Rod: pending finalisation of that PR, we can’t sign off clearly until then, but it seems like this is easier to swallow than other options until we sort out our basics.

James: will try and get an update early next week to try and finalise it.

### non-express business

Agreed to taking a hiatus from making progress on the NodeConf and Appium proposals, letting them know that we’re going to be taking a month or so to try and sort baseline stuff out.

Alexis: had a question about NodeConf—what happens to proceeds of conferences if there are any?

_discussion on finances and accountability, moving back to GitHub for details_

Jeremiah: what are we doing with libuv?

Rod: I’d be OK with helping in that effort, pending time. Perhaps Alexis?

Alexis: would like to be involved, but don’t have much time.

Rod: will probably be very light, maybe a short meeting every 2 weeks to talk about what we need to talk about.

_Rod to start some effort here_

## Next Meeting

2016-02-11
