# Node Foundation TSC Meeting 2016-10-20

## Links

* **GitHub Issue**: [TSC#155](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/155)
* **Minutes Google Doc**: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1c8KaYJHnSVNQeEVyFdnK4J7PbH_LnR-NpG_YUGUftB8>
* _Previous Minutes Google Doc_: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/16-3u9OV7t4E0kVZsZxRtrhTJimZUwzOCbHoCLjsYYas>

## Present

* Bryan Hughes @nebrius (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Josh Gavant @joshgav (observer/Microsoft)
* Rod Vagg @rvagg (TSC)
* William Kapke @williamkapke (Observer)
* Anna Henningson @addaleax (observer/CTC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (observer/CTC)
* Jenn Turner @renrutnnej (observer/Node Foundation)

## Agenda

Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* Utilize travel fund for all CTC / TSC members who want to come to Node Interactive [#147](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/147)
* Consider folding TSC into CTC [#146](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/146)
* Investigate moving `nvm` into the foundation [#96](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/96)

## Review of last meeting

* Community Travel Fund in 2017 [#151](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/151)
* Code & Learn NI NA lead teacher travel fund request: Anna Henningsen [#150](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/150)
* Code & Learn NI NA lead teacher travel fund request: Rich Trott [#149](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/149)
* Move https://github.com/indutny/llnode to https://github.com/nodejs/llnode [#148](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/148)
* Consider folding TSC into CTC [#146](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/146)
* Add scope of responsibility for TSC ("Define Node Core" cont.) [#144](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/144)
* charter: revised membership rules [#142](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/142)
* Switching the default license from MIT to Apache v2 [#139](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/139)
* Regular roll-up reporting for active working groups [#109](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/109)
* Investigate moving `nvm` into the foundation [#96](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/96)

## Minutes

### Utilize travel fund for all CTC / TSC members who want to come to Node Interactive [#147](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/147)

* Agreed to put out an announcement to @nodejs/collaborators for active collaborators who need financial help getting to NI NA. Michael Dawson agreed to put together a draft for this in the current thread.

### Consider folding TSC into CTC [#146](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/146)

* CTC discussed this last couple of weeks.
* Jeremiah is main strong objection to merging the two bodies.
* Bryan reported that one of Jeremiah’s objections is that we haven’t defined the problem first and have jumped to a solution, perhaps there’s other ways of dealing with the problem if we define it clearly.
* So what are the problems?
    1. Fundamental problem: CTC reports to TSC, will their interests always be in alignment?
    2. Need concrete minimum qualifications for TSC membership.
    3. Difficulty in explaining technical governance structure to outsiders.

### Investigate moving `nvm` into the foundation [#96](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/96)

William: I feel it would be appropriate to have a discussion with the other version managers and ask them to be a part of the solution that is blessed by the Foundation.

Rod: What if all package managers want to be added to the Foundation?

Josh: If/when we accept nvm we should make it clear that it’s intended as a center of gravity for work on version and runtime managers and encourage others to collaborate through that repo.

It may be important to have a champion or leader for nvm/runtime managers to ensure minimum requirements like platform support are met.

Rod: Compare to leadership for node-gyp, same could result for nvm.

## Q/A

Live stream could not be established for this call.

## Next Meeting

Thursday, 2016-11-03, 1pm US Pacific
