# Node Foundation TSC Meeting 2016-03-10

## Links

* **Video Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UeLv2YTbEfE
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/61
* **Minutes Google Doc**: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Zt6EnkLghHUxqvn8RKz4ewy-uljIdhqU96KHv_uH6oc>
* **Previous Minutes Google Doc**: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1MW6CXlvxF0IWbb0tg5W70FAdWai5rkQoe_Jt9LhHMqQ/edit#>

## Present

* Rod Vagg (TSC)
* James Snell (TSC)
* Alexis Campailla (TSC)
* Jeremiah Senkpiel (TSC)
* Michael Dawson (Observer)
* Bryan Hughes (Observer)


## Agenda

Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* Flatten project, scope TSC, big changes to structure. [#59](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/59)
* Add guidance to proposal section [#53](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/53)
* Preferred meeting tools [#48](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/48)

## Review of last meeting

No formal meeting last week, talked about foundation and strategy.

## Standup




## Minutes

### Flatten project, scope TSC, big changes to structure. [#59](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/59)

* Rod: this is about winding back some of the umbrella program changes, moving things up to the TSC level rather than the CTC, effectively making the CTC a WG of the TSC and refocusing on core.
* James: have concerns about complicating life for the TSC. It seems that we could redefine many of the working groups as “teams”, we could _uncharter_ them as WGs and switch to teams. Makes sense to move other WGs up to the TSC, including Documentation, Website and Build. We could recast this as moving some WGs up to TSC and the TSC always charters WGs, the rest are then converted to teams and the CTC is responsible for chartering teams.
* Alexis: this PR bundles two big changes, (1) is changing the mission of the TSC and (2) restructuring. We should consider separating out the two issues.
* Rod: there’s a lot of continual pivot going on here, big shifts from umbrella back to core, significant amounts of churn that is going to add to the confusion. Also have concerns about narrowing focus too much on core and therefore opening a window to legitimise multiple technical governance groups under the board to focus on different technical concerns—would like to keep technical execution under a single body.
* Alexis: we should split this up and focus on the question of mission first.
* Jeremiah: would still like to deal with the org issues because it’s trying to address actual problems that exist out there, i.e. communication.
* Bryan: there is a perception out there that the TSC is very core-focused.

Rod, James, Alexis, Jeremiah: Agree on splitting up the PR. Discussion around mission and how to focus on that.

### Add guidance to proposal section [#53](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/53)


### Preferred meeting tools [#48](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/48)

Discussed live-streaming, Jeremiah filled us in on how it’s going and how we might be able to distribute the load a little.

## Q/A



## Next Meeting

2016-03-17



