# Node Foundation TSC Meeting 2016-05-05

## Links

* **Video Recording**: <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-vf23GsR6vk>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/99>
* **Minutes Google Doc**: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1R2DTBrkmKakDI0UCDTD-2ppmrBHbnXDOaU2IvrN5toQ>
* **Previous Minutes Google Doc**: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1iruXOBUlwbtrdNVkhI_MQF3VpBZvBdS5uUAcqVfOnQc>

## Present

* Rod Vagg (TSC)
* James Snell (TSC)
* Alexis Campailla (TSC)
* Jeremiah Senkpiel (TSC)
* Michael Dawson (Observer)
* Bert Belder (TSC)
* Mikeal Rogers (TSC)

## Agenda

Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/build

* OS X buildbots/ci: call to action [#367](https://github.com/nodejs/build/issues/367)

### nodejs/TSC

* Define "Node.js core" [#84](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/84)
* Meetings every two weeks?
* Roll-up reporting

## Review of last meeting

## Standup

- Mikeal Rogers: LF Offsite this week, getting ready of Node.js Live in Beijing
- Rod Vagg: Taking time off, doing security stuff
- Jeremiah Senkpiel: Nothing significant on the TSC end
- Michael Dawson: Nothing on the TSC end, let me know if there is something that needs help on.
- Bryan Hughes: Inclusivity WG work, was a meeting this morning
- Alexis Campailla: nothing TSC level

## Minutes

### OS X buildbots/ci: call to action [#367](https://github.com/nodejs/build/issues/367)

* Rod discussed the unsustainable situation we are at with Voxer and how we need to find a new donor or ask the Foundation for money.
* Mikeal: Yahoo! Might have some resources that we could use. Rod should reach out to Dav Glass or Brian English.

### Define "Node.js core" [#84](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/84)

* Mikeal: last person in the nvm thread made a good comment about the TSC’s role being to set standards, the whole area of how to install Node is a mess because package managers don’t update quick enough.
* Alexis: what is the purpose of the definition of Node core? Is it to define the responsibility of the TSC?
* Mikeal: to help define what the level of support is that we want to offer.
* Rod: basically comes down to the scope of the TSC’s autonomy.
* Rod proposed a definition that includes “those components that are required to build, maintain and ship a basic Node.js development and production environment to users” … approximately.
* Discussion around this type of definition.
* Bryan: extend it to include “being able to install components from the ecosystem” (would include npm and NAN and node-gyp)

### Rod Vagg: can we make these meetings once every two weeks?

* Group agreed

### Roll-up reporting

* Rod to propose on GitHub that we ask for regular roll-up reporting for active working groups, ask what they are working on and planning on working on.

## Q/A

## Next Meeting
