# Node Foundation TSC Meeting 2016-07-14

## Links

* **Video Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UXlzfJ9zPIY
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/118
* **Minutes Google Doc**: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1M29qRvgLU5LedQZ9kpZfWzzlDbNvWB9RolWBcD5ZBco>
* _Previous Minutes Google Doc: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1eUpQNVdupAlsyvVVEnu8za6d8aBhOv9bEZK9FVWm8ds>

## Present

* Rod Vagg (TSC)
* Alexis Campailla (TSC)
* Jeremiah Senkpiel (TSC)
* Michael Dawson (Observer)
* James M Snell (TSC)
* Bryan Hughes (TSC)
* Josh Gavant (Observer)
* William Kapke (Observer)

## Agenda

Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.
* Define "Node.js core" - Mark II [#113](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/113)
* Regular roll-up reporting for active working groups [#109](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/109)
* Define "Node.js core" [#84](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/84)

## Review of last meeting

* Regular roll-up reporting for active working groups [#109](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/109)
* Add @nebrius as a member of the TSC [#108](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/108)
* Define "Node.js core" [#84](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/84)

## Standup

* Michael Dawson: Some interaction and pushed minor changes to "Define Node.js Core" PR
* Rod Vagg (TSC): “Interesting” back-conversations (unfortunately confidential)
* Bryan Hughes (TSC): Prepping for Node Summit
* Josh Gavant (Observer): Looking for help with setting up meeting videos.
* William Kapke (Observer): Collaborating on a Node.js meeting calendar (#63)

## Minutes

- Update https://github.com/nodejs/node/wiki/Meetings:-Creating-a-Hangouts-On-Air-Event with new instructions
- Calendar: https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=kap.co_i17i575te0aes6kaanfjr2e4hs%40group.calendar.google.com

### Define "Node.js core" [#84](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/84)<br>Define "Node.js core" - Mark II [#113](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/113)

PR at https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/116 under review

Michael: PR review was mostly about generalizing it a bit more.

Bryan: Wanted to avoid rules-lawyering that could crop up.

Alexis: Raises questions about getting approval to move things in to the org.

Alexis: What about moving other orgs into the foundation? e.g.: libuv

Rod: libuv needs to be in scope

William: What is being defined: Node.js Core or TSC Scope?

(Rod provides background on the many events that led to this PR)

Rod: I want to get the board to accept a mission statement that is clear and that says what we're doing why we even exist

Rod: Michael's PR helps to define what Node.js Core is and that helps to show how we are going after that mission.

Bryan: Maybe the PR should use a different term besides Node Core to help remove confusion

Rod: #77 was presented to the board and there were concerned with some of the detail in it.

Josh: Can we combine Michael's PR with #77?

Rod: I don't want to get in to TSC autonomy and scope. It needs to focus on the mission statement. The Board got hung up on the details.

William: Can #77 be broken down in to something smaller that The Board will accept?

Rod: Yes. I want them to accept a mission statement- the rest is just stuff to support it.

Alexis: That sounds like a good idea.

William: There's no proposal to change the TSC Charter currently?

Rod: Not yet. It should be discussed once we know the mission.

Bryan: I agree with that approach. Take things 1 step at a time.

Rod: Node.js is winning by default. We need to win intentionally. Defining the mission is the start of us winning intentionally.

Josh: I see Node as the way to bring Javascript out of the browser. Is that too broad of a mission?

Michael: Our goals could be to say we own backend javascript- but that is not the same as the autonomy of the TSC.

Jeremiah: Yeah, we're trying to define what the TSC has autonomy over and we can ask the board for other things when necessary.

(discussion around using the term "Node Properties")

Rod: I don't think we need to get too hung up on connecting TSC scope and Node Core. The TSC may be given responsibility of things well outside of core. We don't want to munge things in to Core. The mission statement just needs to give a framework. We're responsible for Node Core and the ecosystem. Perhaps taking responsibility means taking some of that ecosystem and managing it ourselves.

William: The TSC Carter defines "Core Projects" allowing multiple "Core Projects" which seems to suggest there can/will be.

Jeremiah: I think that was added later and might not actually be allowed.

William: "Core" is not otherwise defined in any of the Governing Documents

Byran: I think we should take a look at these documents and review where we need to update them to reflect what we want.

Josh: I have learned from this call which I didn't think about before is that the scope of the Foundation can be broader than the TSC.

Rod: This is language in the By-Laws and I'm trying to avoid that. The Board wants to leave their options open however.

### Regular roll-up reporting for active working groups [#109](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/109)
Discussion skipped.

## Q/A

None

## Next Meeting

2016-07-28 ??? TBD: Node Summit conflicts.
