# Node Foundation TSC Meeting 2016-08-04

## Links

* **Audio Recording**: <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=deTR-XFnKGQ>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/124>
* **Minutes Google Doc**: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ja56BVVPy946OZlDv1EQBy4TC5he6IQkQtxhE-20X4E>
* _Previous Minutes Google Doc: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1M29qRvgLU5LedQZ9kpZfWzzlDbNvWB9RolWBcD5ZBco>

## Present

* Rod Vagg @rvagg (TSC)
* Alexis Campailla @orangemocha (TSC)
* Jeremiah Senkpiel @Fishrock123 (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* James Snell @jasnell (TSC)
* Bryan Hughes @nebrius (TSC)
* Josh Gavant @joshgav (Observer/Microsoft)
* William Kapke @williamkapke (Observer)

## Agenda

Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/post-mortem

* Repositories to contribute collaboratively [#30](https://github.com/nodejs/post-mortem/issues/30)

### nodejs/TSC

* doc: cover moderation of IRC, mail, and slack channels [#122](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/122)
* #node-dev IRC is not currently under TSC supervision [#121](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/121)
* Define "Node.js core" [#113](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/113) / [#84](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/84)
* Regular roll-up reporting for active working groups [#109](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/109)

## Review of last meeting

* Define "Node.js core" - Mark II [#113](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/113)
* Regular roll-up reporting for active working groups [#109](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/109)
* Define "Node.js core" [#84](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/84)

## Standup

## Minutes

### Define "Node.js core" [#113](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/113) / [#84](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/84)

* Michael: no more discussion since we last got together, nothing specific yet
* Some discussion about mission statement and by-laws
* Moving back to GitHub to make progress

### Regular roll-up reporting for active working groups [#109](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/109)

* Rod: I’ve added details in #109 that arose from our discussion in the 2016-06-16 meeting. Will turn that into a PR to the TSC repo so we have somewhere to point to. We should just move forward by setting a date for our first one and get it rolling.
* Mikeal: let’s leave it fairly open-ended because working groups may come up with some interesting ways of reporting
* Rod: will try and make it clear that format and content notes are just _suggestions_ and not prescriptions.
* Rod: will pull in evangelism folks to the discussion and see if we can get some help from the people who are good at these things.

### Repositories to contribute collaboratively [#30](https://github.com/nodejs/post-mortem/issues/30)

* Michael: post-mortem has a bunch of things it’s working on and they want to find the right place to collaborate, preference of the group seems to be that they want somewhere common to collaborate. llnode and node-report are two projects to come in. There are three choices in order of preference: bring them into the nodejs org, make a new org or leave them where they are.
* Mikeal: currently we are probably ok with making new repositories as the need arises, for bringing new projects in we probably need signoff from the TSC.
* William: we should get the TSC to sign off on it and make sure that docs are setup before moving it in.
* Rod: how about we open an issue on the TSC repo to go through these steps and get signoff there.
* discussion about GitHub mechanics
* discussion about using the new github bot to help getting new repos up to scratch
* moved to GitHub issues to deal with signoff and the mechanics of moving it

## Q/A

No public questions

## Next Meeting

2016-08-11
