# Node Foundation TSC Meeting 2016-10-06

## Links

* **Audio Recording**: <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tyf6KKdn98Y>
* **GitHub Issue**: [TSC#152](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/152)
* **Minutes Google Doc**: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/16-3u9OV7t4E0kVZsZxRtrhTJimZUwzOCbHoCLjsYYas>
* _Previous Minutes Google Doc: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YOe-9yjpVbsPURcWI2yoJenFQSaMEbMaeurkIRMM938>

## Present

* Bryan Hughes @nebrius (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Jeremiah Senkpiel @Fishrock123 (TSC)
* James M Snell @jasnell (TSC)
* Josh Gavant @joshgav (observer/Microsoft)
* Mikeal Rogers @mikeal (observer/Node.js Foundation)
* Bert Belder @piscisaureus (TSC)
* Rod Vagg @rvagg (TSC)
* William Kapke @williamkapke (Observer)
* Tracy Hinds @hackygolucky (observer/Node.js Foundation)
* Anna Henningson @addaleax (observer/CTC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (observer/CTC)
* Fedor Indutny @indutny (TSC)
* Jenn Turner @renrutnnej (observer/Node Foundation)
* Jordan Harband @ljharb (Observer)

## Agenda

Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/TSC

* Community Travel Fund in 2017 [#151](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/151)
* Code & Learn NI NA lead teacher travel fund request: Anna Henningsen [#150](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/150)
* Code & Learn NI NA lead teacher travel fund request: Rich Trott [#149](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/149)
* Move <https://github.com/indutny/llnode> to <https://github.com/nodejs/llnode> [#148](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/148)
* Consider folding TSC into CTC [#146](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/146)
* Add scope of responsibility for TSC ("Define Node Core" cont.) [#144](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/144)
* charter: revised membership rules [#142](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/142)
* Switching the default license from MIT to Apache v2 [#139](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/139)
* Regular roll-up reporting for active working groups [#109](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/109)
* Investigate moving `nvm` into the foundation [#96](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/96)

## Review of last meeting

### nodejs/TSC

* Add scope of responsibility for TSC ("Define Node Core" cont.) [#144](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/144)
* charter: revised membership rules [#142](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/142)
* Request for Foundation funds to get @Fishrock123 to SF for ES Modules meetings [#141](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/141)
* Switching the default license from MIT to Apache v2 [#139](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/139)
* Regular roll-up reporting for active working groups [#109](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/109)
* Investigate moving `nvm` into the foundation [#96](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/96)

### nodejs/github-bot

* Elevated GitHub Admin permissions on a separated Bot [#72](https://github.com/nodejs/github-bot/issues/72)
* Add docs required by TSC [#66](https://github.com/nodejs/github-bot/pull/66)

## Minutes

### Community Travel Fund in 2017 [#151](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/151)

* Mikeal to set to a low amount, maybe $10k, and have the TSC request more from the board.

### Code & Learn NI NA lead teacher travel fund request: Anna Henningsen [#150](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/150)

* Approved up to $3000 spend for Anna

### Code & Learn NI NA lead teacher travel fund request: Rich Trott [#149](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/149)

* Approved up to $2000 spend for Rich

### Move <https://github.com/indutny/llnode> to <https://github.com/nodejs/llnode> [#148](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/148)

* Brief discussion about MIT/Apache2, sticking with MIT
* Jeremiah abstained from vote, no disagreements, passed

### Consider folding TSC into CTC [#146](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/146)

* Raised for discussion
* Lots of discussion about different models: subcommittee for administrative? Split agenda for administrative meetings where you can opt-in for attendance?
* If we have split-agenda with a combined TSC where you show up to meetings where there are issues you are interested in. We’d have to have new quorum rules to manage this properly. Objections from people who don’t show up to meetings still need to be respected but could hold up the decision making process.

### Add scope of responsibility for TSC ("Define Node Core" cont.) [#144](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/144)

### charter: revised membership rules [#142](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/142)

### Investigate moving `nvm` into the foundation [#96](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/96)

Jordan: Are there any action items that are waiting on me?
Rod: Nothing waiting on you. There are things in the pipeline that have not been made public that will help move this along.

### Switching the default license from MIT to Apache v2 [#139](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/139)

### Regular roll-up reporting for active working groups [#109](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/109)

## Q/A

* What are the core principles for open source projects that the TSC provides that can be used for smaller teams & projects?
  * We have a set of default governance documents that can serve as a framework to build on, in the TSC repository in the nodejs org
  * Mikeal has a “Healthy Open Source” medium.com post that covers some of this stuff.
* What are the license changes being considered?
  * Apache 2.0 as more useful for

## Next Meeting

2016-10-20
