# Node Foundation TSC Meeting 2016-08-11

## Links

* **Audio Recording**: <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DKXD3anBh94>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/127>
* **Minutes Google Doc**: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Sp78uVB_1NBv9AZk1pXKj-YWmwqtCA6ZqxAE_lsjuk0>
* _Previous Minutes Google Doc_: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ja56BVVPy946OZlDv1EQBy4TC5he6IQkQtxhE-20X4E>

## Present

* Anna Henningsen @addaleax (observer)
* Bryan Hughes @nebrius (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* James M Snell @jasnell (TSC)
* Jeremiah Senkpiel @Fishrock123 (TSC)
* Josh Gavant @joshgav (observer/Microsoft)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (observer)
* Mikeal Rogers @mikeal (observer/Node.js Foundation)
* Tracy Hinds @hackygolucky (observer/Node.js Foundation)
* William Kapke @williamkapke (observer)

## Review of last meeting

Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/post-mortem

* Repositories to contribute collaboratively [#30](https://github.com/nodejs/post-mortem/issues/30)

### nodejs/TSC

* doc: cover moderation of IRC, mail, and slack channels [#122](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/122)
* #node-dev IRC is not currently under TSC supervision [#121](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/121)
* Define "Node.js core" [#113](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/113) / [#84](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/84)
* Regular roll-up reporting for active working groups [#109](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/109)

## Standup

* Bryan: At CascadiaFest
* Michael: Started making a Node-Report repo
* James: Not much, wrapping head around inclusivity concerns
* Colin: Not much, Node.js release
* Jeremiah: Nothing of note
* Tracy: Nothing at this time
* Mikeal: Need a tech lead for Code & Learn + Collab Summit in Amsterdam
* Anna: Nothing of note
* William: Lots of travel, readme merge for Summit repo with new info on upcoming summits
* Josh: Nothing to update

## Agenda

Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/post-mortem

* Repositories to contribute collaboratively [#30](https://github.com/nodejs/post-mortem/issues/30)

### nodejs/TSC

* TSC Board Director Elections [#126](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/126)
* Define "Node.js core" - Mark II [#113](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/113)
* Regular roll-up reporting for active working groups [#109](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/109)
* Define "Node.js core" [#84](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/84)

## Minutes

### Repositories to contribute collaboratively [#30](https://github.com/nodejs/post-mortem/issues/30)

* Did this last week.. untagging

* Michael: Status update
* Bryan: Phillip also moved the github bot this week
* Jeremiah: Some problems with nodejs-github-bot and travis

### TSC Board Director Elections [#126](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/126)

* Are we going to separate the positions?
* Mikeal: we should ask Rod since he’s the only person that has been so far

### Define "Node.js core" - Mark II [#113](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/113), [#84](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/84)

* Michael: Nothing to update, hasn’t been any discussion...

### Regular roll-up reporting for active working groups [#109](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/109)

* Deferring until Rod can add his thoughts

## Q/A

* Is there a measurable performance difference between Node V8 an NodeChakra? **Josh Gavant** There are internal benchmarks at Microsoft you can contact me about for more info.

## Next Meeting

2016-08-25
