# Node Foundation TSC Meeting 2016-11-17

## Links

* **Audio Recording**: <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DPdb_4yh-hc>
* **GitHub Issue**: [TSC#167](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/167)
* **Minutes Google Doc**:
  <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1eUe2T9B7YMKmmAt0iskCP76kmKvhCkdxMdfqTg99yDU>
* _Previous Minutes Google Doc_:
  <https://docs.google.com/document/d/13rNlLUOLPG7AEZ1wWih1fbDoTEA4LbZT6w1QZYobO88>

## Present

* Bryan Hughes @nebrius (TSC)
* Jeremiah Senkpiel @Fishrock123 (TSC)
* Rod Vagg @rvagg (TSC)
* James Snell @jasnell (TSC)
* Josh Gavant @joshgav (observer/Microsoft)
* William Kapke @williamkapke (observer)
* Mikeal Rogers @mikeal (observer/NF)
* Jason Ginchereau @jasongin (observer/Microsoft)
* Jenn Turner @renrutnnej (observer/NF)
* Tracy Hinds @hackygolucky (observer/NF)

## Agenda

Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the
**nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* Investigate moving `nvm` into the foundation
  [#96](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/96)
* Utilize travel fund for all CTC / TSC members who want to come to Node
  Interactive [#147](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/147)
* Consider folding TSC into CTC [#146](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/146)
* Add scope of responsibility for TSC ("Define Node Core" cont.)
  [#144](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/144)
* charter: revised membership rules
  [#142](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/142)

## Review of last meeting

* Consider folding TSC into CTC [#146](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/146)
* charter: revised membership rules
  [#142](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/142)
* Investigate moving `nvm` into the foundation
  [#96](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/96)

## Minutes

### Investigate moving `nvm` into the foundation [#96](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/96)

* Set up version-management discussion group -
  <https://github.com/nodejs/version-management>

* @jasongin: Met Tuesday Nov-15, reps from several version management tools.
  * Consensus to next document conventions for folder paths, path switching
    mechanism, APIs, etc. to inform various efforts.
  * Not yet consensus on bringing a particular implementation into Foundation.
  * Discussed nvm itself in Foundation, sense that it should be part of bigger
    version-management project.

* @mikeal: Should it be in JS Foundation?

* @joshgav: Is there general consensus on the reasoning given in
  https://github.com/nodejs/version-management/blob/master/initial_proposal.md?

* @rvagg: Yes, but we need to know that a group is addressing strategic
  questions and there are sufficient people and effort in it. Then we can
consider bringing in specific projects like nvm.

* @mikeal: Main concern for TSC is to ensure a stable contributing group.

* @williamkapke: Should provide an update to board.

* @williamkapke: @ljharb wants an answer on nvm.

* @mikeal: that will be the decision of the version-management WG itself.

* @williamkapke: Does this mean it’s time to close the issue in deference to a
  new version-management WG?

* @rvagg: Perhaps not quite yet, will depend on this WG reaching stability. We
  can remove this from the agenda now.

Next steps:

* @williamkapke will update #96 accordingly.
* version-management discussion group to continue defining strategy.

---

### Utilize travel fund for all CTC / TSC members who want to come to Node Interactive [#147](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/147)

* Michael posted an issue @ https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/166
* Rod to follow up with email to everyone on the nodejs/node readme

### Consider folding TSC into CTC [#146](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/146)

* Taken off the agenda
* Rod posted summary item in there from last week’s meeting, without a case for
  _why_ we would take action we’re not going to take action on merging.

### Add scope of responsibility for TSC ("Define Node Core" cont.) [#144](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/144)

* Need to get this sorted out before Node Interactive board meeting, so we’ll
  have to work on this asynchronous

### charter: revised membership rules [#142](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/142)

---

## Q/A

None.

## Next Meeting

Informal face-to-face meeting at Node.js Interactive instead of usual online
meeting. Next formal meeting on Thursday Dec-15.

Node.js Foundation calendar:
<https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=kap.co_i17i575te0aes6kaanfjr2e4hs%40group.calendar.google.com>
