# Node Foundation TSC Meeting 2016-08-25

## Links

* **Audio Recording**: <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IDz3i6bmxhA>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/134>
* **Minutes Google Doc**: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZMYiM236GgE9MXaqecOCrUWHhXe94dxTbXHutkp3nnA>
* _Previous Minutes Google Doc: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Sp78uVB_1NBv9AZk1pXKj-YWmwqtCA6ZqxAE_lsjuk0>

## Present

* Rod Vagg @rvagg (TSC)
* Alexis Campailla @orangemocha (TSC)
* Jeremiah Senkpiel @Fishrock123 (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* James Snell @jasnell (TSC)
* Bryan Hughes @nebrius (TSC)
* Josh Gavant @joshgav (Observer/Microsoft)
* William Kapke @williamkapke (Observer)
* Fedor Indutny @indutny (TSC)
* Julien Gilli @misterdjules (TSC)
* Jenn Turner @renrutnnej (Observer/Node Foundation)

## Agenda

Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* Request to migrate Inclusivity Working Group responsibilities to the Node.js Foundation and TSC [#133](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/133)
* TSC Elections - Nominations [#129](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/129)
* TSC Elections - One position or two? [#128](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/128)
* Define "Node.js core" - Mark II [#113](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/113)
* Regular roll-up reporting for active working groups [#109](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/109)
* Investigate moving `nvm` into the foundation [#96](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/96)

## Review of last meeting

* Repositories to contribute collaboratively [#30](https://github.com/nodejs/post-mortem/issues/30)
* doc: cover moderation of IRC, mail, and slack channels [#122](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/122)
* #node-dev IRC is not currently under TSC supervision [#121](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/121)
* Define "Node.js core" [#113](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/113) / [#84](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/84)
* Regular roll-up reporting for active working groups [#109](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/109)

## Standup

* Josh: put required docs in the new bot repository
* Bryan: doing a bunch of work on post-inclusivity working group activities

## Minutes

### Request to migrate Inclusivity Working Group responsibilities to the Node.js Foundation and TSC [#133](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/133)

* Bryan gave a summary of the issue he posted, outcome of this issue would be passing on the request for an _investigation_ to the Foundation Board
* Josh: will there continue to be collaboration in the existing inclusivity working group?
* Tracy: the existing repository is important and will be an important means to communicate inclusivity activity. We’re also looking at bringing in a consultant to help us look at blind spots we may have.
* Josh: I’ve always thought this work belonged under a different arm of the foundation so I support this.
* Unanimous vote of present TSC members to move forward with this request. Rod to work with Bryan to get the wording to the Board.

### TSC Elections - Nominations [#129](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/129)
### TSC Elections - One position or two? [#128](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/128)

* Discussed current state and how to move forward
* Important for the TSC to have a seat at the table for Board position elections which will be starting on Monday. There is additional context for this discussion at <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/126>
* Rod: I will try and outline a process for moving forward on GitHub and try and expedite this process.

### Define "Node.js core" - Mark II [#113](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/113)

* No activity for ~ a month so won’t cover it here

### Regular roll-up reporting for active working groups [#109](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/109)

* Mikeal: Jenn is putting together a community newsletter about what’s going on around the place, at a high level. Roll-ups would be pointed to as the newsletter wouldn’t go into detail.
* Tracy: I put a note in the evangelism repo about contacting Jenn for news items worth reporting. (<https://github.com/nodejs/evangelism/issues/238>)
* Discussed the nature of the newsletter and possible crossover.

### Investigate moving `nvm` into the foundation [#96](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/96)

* Jordan Harband, current maintainer of nvm, joined the meeting to give a quick summary of the proposal.
* Discussed how we might be able to move forward given significant uncertainty about our state
* Next steps would probably involve giving a heads-up to the board that this is under consideration and getting feedback from them
* Rod: it might be good timing to give the Board some info on the work we’ve been doing to “define Node core” at the same time as it’s part of the same discussion
* Rod: it’s difficult to talk about _process_ here when we have so much uncertainty about our state and whether this fits into our field of responsibility and beyond that, whether we’d even want nvm in the Foundation; coming up with a formal process is a few steps beyond that.

## Q/A

No public questions
