# Node Foundation TSC Meeting 2017-10-11

## Links

* **Recording**:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=90azeQn0H6w
* **GitHub Issue**: [TSC#377](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/3773)
* **Minutes Google Doc**: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PkoiLPj1b_ePtCL6IWDSwI-eh1Vzp7sfhu5deoiWM-A/edit?usp=sharing
* _Previous Minutes Google Doc: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1DRhvfRAbp1EILu3h2iwSi8Efj7ghAE0fdu8X3CvvSGQ>_

## Present

* Franziska Hinkelmann @fhinkel (TSC)
* Joyee Cheung @joyeecheung (TSC)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Myles Borins @MylesBorins (TSC)
* Rod Vagg @rvagg (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)
* Trevor Norris @trevnorris (TSC)

* Gibson Fahnestock @gibfahn (Release WG delegate for update/observer)

## Agenda

## Announcements
 
No announcements this week.

### Workgroup Update

#### Release Work Group

* Major work, formal chartering of Release WG, Michael moved forward,
  some cleanup still do to.
* v6.x release upcoming.
* Preparing for V8.x
* Gibson starting to take over LTS release, Myles will be mentoring
* Another focus is working towards sharing the backporting work so
  that more people can do it.
* Last discussion was that it's likely too late for 6.2 in 8.x before
  it goes LTS, but work is being done to see if it can be made
  compatible for possible inclusion sometime when 8.x is in LTS.

Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/build

* https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/15762
  * 8.7 has been updated to 6.1.
  * has escape analysis turned off .
  * due to security vulnerability, debate over whether it affects node
    but that version is buggy so advice is that on any version lower
    Than 6.2 it should be turned off.
  * should we ship 8.7 with 6.1 ?
  * question on whether we should temporary turn it back on ?
  * Once we land 6.2 on master will start working to see if
    it can be made abi compatible as a possibility to include
    in a later LTS.

* tmp dir needed on ubuntu 1604 and fedora23 [#873](https://github.com/nodejs/build/issues/873)
  * wanted to bring to attention that readable stream has been broken
    for 9 months. Patch landed on in ansible that might have fixed.
  * problem that nobody has volunteered, does not feel that this
    should have taken much effort.  
  * Maybe github issues are not working well as a cue for what
    Needs to happen.
  * Trevor, disconcerting that we are allowing changes in that
    break things, in the past we would revert if patch broke
    something, and then it would land later. 
  * Rod, does not think the fix is quite as simple. It would take
    real time for somebody to go through and do the work.
  * Rod, agrees that github may not have communicated the priority of
    this

### nodejs/node

There were rolled over to the next meeting:

* async_hooks: skip sanity checks when disabled [#15454](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/15454)
* buffer: runtime-deprecate Buffer ctor by default [#15346](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/15346)
* http: send 400 bad request on parse error [#15324](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/15324)
* stream: move prefixed files into internal/streams. [#11957](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/11957)

### nodejs/TSC

These were rolled over to the next meeting:
 
* Who should be in @nodejs/security? Who should have access to the private repo? [#358](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/358)

* Vote on the approach for https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/445 [#355](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/355)
  * believe this has been settled in github

### nodejs/admin

* doc: doc expectations on TSC and CommComm members [#12](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/pull/12)
  * at the summit, groups split out and filled in stickies, and the
    Grouped on the wall.
  * General hope was to do more in different areas (ex Australia,
    China).
  * Myles may try to run at NodeFest and over next few months
  * Those who led, Sarah (new board member, Tracy etc will be pushing
    forward).
  * Assumption is that is is going to be a multi month effort.
  * Michael: suggest that although it refers to Values, we likely
    won't change the wording significantly based on what Values are
    Documented.
  * Rod, would it hamper technical discussion in the future that need
    to be revisited in the future ?  Will make a few specific
    suggestions on the wording.
  * Generally no objection to landing before values discussion closes
    but we need input from CommComm as well.

## Q&A, Other

* No questions this week.

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.

