# Node.js Foundation TSC Meeting 2017-06-29

## Links

* Date: June 29, 2017
* Next meeting: July 20 2017 (one week early due to Node Summit)
* **GitHub Issue**: [TSC#287](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/287)
* **Minutes Google Doc**: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LtgN6guOgqD8PcG8uTeO-tOZKfv9WQniAZHXJeJL8is/edit>#
* Previous Minutes Google Doc:<https://docs.google.com/document/d/14zinvyVaYdfb9Avxbv1fOSFDXiJ_7374_P_ZBu9UIEA>

## Present

* Bryan Hughes @nebrius (TSC)
* James M Snell @jasnell (TSC)
* Anna Henningson @addaleax (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)

## Agenda

Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

## Agenda

Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/TSC

* TSC Meeting frequency discussion [#286](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/286)
* Request to move moderation responsibilities to CommComm [#270](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/270)
* Request: Additional 2017 Travel Fund Allocation [#250](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/250)
* Copyright Date [#195](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/195)
* Clarify which people should be org owners [#125](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/125)
* Candidate "areas" for TSC and Community Committee  [#278](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/278)
* Regular roll-up reporting for active working groups [#109](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/109)

## tsc-review

For awareness, please review comment on these issues marked tsc-review:

### nodejs/TSC

* Approval to move node-heapdump into foundation [#257](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/257)
* Define Travel Fund approval requirements [#254](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/254)
* Add quorum rules [#253](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/253)
* Request: Asset audit report [#249](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/249)
* Nominating @MylesBorins to the TSC [#247](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/247)
* create public nodejs/collaborators repo [#243](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/243)
* Rotating meeting times [#198](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/198)

## Minutes

* TSC Meeting frequency discussion [#286](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/286)
  * Agreed to move to monthly meetings.
  * Agreed to get more input for meeting time.
* Request to move moderation responsibilities to CommComm [#270](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/270)
  * Bryan, need to beef up moderation guidelines.  Bryan now
    thinking that sharing moderation responsibilities between
    TSC and CommComm. Bryan to make suggestions on PR from James as
    next step. Maybe split PR into a couple of pieces, one to
    make ownership change first.  James: that might cause
    fragmentation, take longer to complete discussion. Bryan, we
    should tag James's PR as as cc-agenda/ Bryan will close this issue (#270).
* Request: Additional 2017 Travel Fund Allocation [#250](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/250)
  * After discussion with board, may do single one instead of separate
    TSC/CommComm allocations.  Hope to have resolved in time for the
    Board meeting at Node summit.
  * Bryan asked about requirement to be foundation member to get
    funding.  They will need to certify that they are and will be
    validated when expenses are submitted.
  * Membership is free for collaborators of the project.
* Copyright Date [#195](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/195)
  * No update, on agenda for next board meeting.
* Clarify which people should be org owners [#125](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/125)
  * Bryan, do we need to first answer the question of .do we
    Need a policy versus using best judgement as we do today..
    Michael to open issue to ask that. We.ll remove current issue
    From tsc-agenda.
* Candidate "areas" for TSC and Community Committee  [#278](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/278)
  * discussed concept, not .silly. but hard to do in open source
    Project. Bryan add to cc-agenda for discussion there and
    We.ll continue discussion in github.
* Regular roll-up reporting for active working groups [#109](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/109)
  * take this back to github, TSC members to volunteer to contact
    The WGs to come with an update in future meetings.
