# Node.js Foundation TSC Meeting 2017-04-06

## Links

* **GitHub Issue**: [TSC#227](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/227)
* **Minutes Google Doc**: : <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1RxoO0WUmlth2oHU-GR6SPDSGCJlmOOGl84WalHIkGHA>
* _Previous Minutes Google Doc_: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1urhinDNJK-EEMziNob8-mlsOEZM_zecluDIgBA6kVOw>

## Present

* Jeremiah Senkpiel @Fishrock123 (TSC)
* Bryan Hughes @nebrius (TSC)
* Josh Gavant @joshgav (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (observer/CTC)
* Tracy Hinds @hackygolucky (observer/Node.js Foundation)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)

## Agenda

* Next Collaboration Summit [summit#39](https://github.com/nodejs/summit/issues/39)
* Board Request: Input on employer restrictions of TSC Director [231](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/231)
  * deferred to next meeting
* Nominating Anna Henningsen to the TSC [214](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/214)
* Nominating Michael Dawson to the TSC [206](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/206)
* Copyright Date [195](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/195)
* Updating the Copyright [174](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/174)
* Clarify which people should be org owners [125](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/125)

## Review of last meeting

* Next Collaboration Summit [summit#39](https://github.com/nodejs/summit/issues/39)
* Copyright
* 1 Code of Conduct for everything? [community-committee#7](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/7)
* charter: revised membership rules [TSC#142](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/142)

## Minutes

### Next Collaboration Summit [summit#39](https://github.com/nodejs/summit/issues/39)

* Agreed to budget this last time. Remove tsc-agenda label.

### Board Request: Input on employer restrictions of TSC Director [231](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/231)

* Defer to next meeting.

### Nominating Anna Henningsen to the TSC [214](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/214)

* 8/12 voted +1 in github so passed, welcome Anna!

### Nominating Michael Dawson to the TSC [206](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/206)

* 9/12 voted +1 in github so passed, welcome Michael!

### Copyright Date [195](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/195)

* Still waiting for James to put together proposal

### Updating the Copyright [174](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/174)

* Still waiting for board to respond to proposal for 2nd part, agreed
  In last meeting we should remove tsc-agenda until there is an
  update

### Clarify which people should be org owners [125](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/125)

* @joshgav: Would be helpful to document all GitHub groups and the
  repos and other resources they grant access to.

* This issue is primarily about whether TSC members should be org owners.

* What about Community Committee members?

* What permissions do GitHub org owners have?
  * Invite others to the org. We've been trying to solve this using the bot.
  * Create repositories, create teams.

* @Fishrock123: Could talk to GitHub about additional permission levels.

* @joshgav: Need to grant ownership to some subset so work is
  guaranteed to continue. If not TSC or CTC who?

* @mhdawson: Could be opt-in for those members.
* @nebrius: Greater access also increases risk from greater surface area.

* Next steps:
  * CTC issue to ask who should have access to security repo
  * Open issue in CTC repo to poll use/need of org ownership

Michael to open the 2 issues.

---
## Q/A

* Has node ever applied for Google Summer of Code/Google Code-In?
  * as a foundation no
  * but sort of as part of outreachy as it came out of google summer
  of code to get more diversity in the candidates
  * Tracy is working on future internship programs.

* Question -> Effective memory management in Node.js
  * will direct to github repo

---
## Next Meeting

Node.js Foundation calendar: <https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=kap.co_i17i575te0aes6kaanfjr2e4hs%40group.calendar.google.com>

Next meeting: 2017-04-20 2000 UTC (Thursday 1pm US Pacific).
