# Node.js Foundation TSC Meeting 2017-03-09

## Links

* Audio Recording: <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aoA9rT4fEG0>
* **GitHub Issue**: [TSC#213](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/213)
* **Minutes Google Doc**: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-5UXZ819jioRGrg9aBa2ZrvjVatyqfGuHDOSWe8nAEY>
* _Previous Minutes Google Doc_: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NWTKxNOdx-3-kfVHe2KL_AycNsl8el216x8Zb1e2G5M>

## Present

* James Snell @jasnell (TSC)
* Rod Vagg @rvagg (TSC)
* Jeremiah Senkpiel @Fishrock123 (TSC)
* Bryan Hughes @nebrius (TSC)
* William Kapke @williamkapke (observer/NF)
* Josh Gavant @joshgav (observer/Microsoft)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (observer/CTC)
* Anna Henningsen @addaleax (observer/CTC)
* Jenn Turner (observer/Linux Foundation)

## Agenda

### Review of last meeting

* Next Collaboration Summit [summit#39](https://github.com/nodejs/summit/issues/39)
* nominating @joshgav to the TSC [TSC#205](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/205)
* Copyright Date [TSC#195](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/195)
* Updating the Copyright [TSC#174](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/174)
* charter: revised membership rules [TSC#142](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/142)
* npm package managed for node.js foundation modules - [TSC#211](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/211)
  * Seemed to trend towards having foundation account
    as addition, Michael to confirm and then push forward.

### Today

* Next Collaboration Summit [#39](https://github.com/nodejs/summit/issues/39)
* nominating @joshgav to the TSC [#205](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/205)
* Copyright Date [#195](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/195)
* Updating the Copyright [#174](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/174)
* charter: revised membership rules [#142](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/142)
* 1 Code of Conduct for everything? [#7](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/7)

## Minutes

### Next Collaboration Summit [#39](https://github.com/nodejs/summit/issues/39)

* Settling on May 4-5th, and for doing it.  Anna will send out
    email now to see how many people may will attend, or open an
    issue to just ask the question.
* Tracy, if we need funds/allocation we just need the date and
    Details and then she can help on that side.
* Agreed on May 4-5, Anna to send out email to collaborators to get
    numbers.

### nominating @joshgav to the TSC [#205](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/205)
* Josh has been regularly attending for quite a while
* 11 TSC members, 7 + votes, done.  Josh added :)
* Votes on Michael and Anna coming up over the next couple weeks.

### Copyright Date [#195](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/195)
* Rod.  What should we be doing here ?   No answer on the legal
    front so far.  James posted good summary last week, let.s push
    to board.  Rod will forward questions to board to see if they
    want to answer or forward to legal committee.

### Updating the Copyright [#174](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/174)

* PR 1 ready to go, likely to land this week.
* Still need feedback from legal committee on PR 2 -
    <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/174>.

### charter: revised membership rules [#142](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/142)

* Fixing up a few  things, and adding attendance rules.
* now 6 out of 12 votes so far.
* Need 2/3 so we need to get to 8 votes.
* Bert has now raised some concerns on issue.  Instead of
    attendance rule, have to vote as opposed to attending
    Meetings.
* James, don.t want to drag on too much longer, lets
    Bring back for vote next week. Between now and then
    continue discussion in github.
* James will cast as .participation. as opposed to attending
    Meetings, and define participation which may include commenting
    on issues, voting, being involved in meeting etc.

### 1 Code of Conduct for everything? [#7](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/7)

* discussion around moving CoC into own repo and then
    link to it from everywhere else.
* Would allow it to be modified across the board more
    easily.
* Currently in working group template, often just copied
    in to WG repos, now not all of them are in sync.
* Does not change the rules that allow WGs to set their
    own so WG does not have to use common version, but we expect
    that most will.
* overall agreement that this is a good idea and we.ll take it
    back into github.

---

## Q/A

* How to get started learning Node.js and get a job
  * go through Node school training.
  * build github profile that shows you know Node.
  * Tracy: discussion that there will be some more formal
    stories/info on this coming.

* Technical question on computation
  * nodejs/help good place to answer specific question.
  * stack overflow is also well answered.
  * Jeremiah mentioned Node is single threaded so heavy computation
    not necessarily fit with use case, but would need more detail
    to answer properly.

---
## Next Meeting

Node.js Foundation calendar: <https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=kap.co_i17i575te0aes6kaanfjr2e4hs%40group.calendar.google.com>

Next meeting: 2017-03-23 2000 UTC (Thursday 12pm US Pacific).
