# Node Foundation TSC Meeting 2017-09-27

## Links

* **Recording**: <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=An8EO9dSj6g>
* **GitHub Issue**: [TSC#359](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/363)
* **Minutes Google Doc**: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1DRhvfRAbp1EILu3h2iwSi8Efj7ghAE0fdu8X3CvvSGQ/edit?usp=sharing>
* _Previous Minutes Google Doc: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1oMS1G-Tpgx8Ha8FqCb1XCLXSu5yZ6AjO1HmB1clUPaU>_

## Present

* Anna Henningsen @addaleax (TSC)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Evan Lucas @evanlucas (TSC)
* Jeremiah Senkpiel @Fishrock123 (TSC)
* Joyee Cheung @joyeecheung (TSC)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Myles Borins @MylesBorins (TSC)
* Ali Ijaz Sheikh @ofrobots (TSC)
* MichaëZasso @targos (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)

## Agenda

Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from
the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### Workgroup Update

#### Release Work Group

### nodejs/node

* path: deprecate internal _makeLong, replace [#14956](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/14956)

### nodejs/TSC

### nodejs/admin

* doc: doc expectations on TSC and CommComm members [#12](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/pull/12)

### Initial discussion on 'values'

* discuss, Myles may have a draft to seed the discussion.

### Long term TSC goals

* kick off discussion.

## Minutes

### Announcements

No announcements this week

### Workgroup Update

#### Release Work Group

* I (Michael Dawson)  must have miscommunicated (or just not provided dial-in info) so we
  did not have Gibson to present

### nodejs/node

* path: deprecate internal _makeLong, replace [#14956](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/14956)
  * Matteo, new module work to enable ES7 there are certain
    Functions from core that are pre-fixed that are required
    Proposes to remove underscore so that it is part of the
    public API.  Likely to be used by lodash so would be heavy
    Usage.
  * Anna what need to see if anybody objects to it happening ?
  * Put into 9 and revert if pushback ?
  * Rich: Seems like no main objections in the issue so it could land ?
  * Ben has asked that we answer these 2 questions:
    * Are we comfortable promoting this to officially supported API?
      That effectively freezes it for all eternity, or as good as.
      path._makeLong() has been tweaked over the years. A likely outcome
      is that we end up with a tweaked internal copy sooner or later and then we
      are back to square one.
    * Is it so widely useful that it should be part of core?1 Why can't
      it be an npm package?  That's our usual answer when people request
      non-necessary features; why is this different?

  * After discussion we added this to the issue:
    * Based on discussion in the TSC meeting consensus is that we can
      move forward. We can land once comments are addressed unless
      there are objections in next 48 hours.

### nodejs/TSC

### nodejs/node

* [#15520](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/15520)
  * May be issue/bug on centos 5
  * Rich, some discussion of dropping centos 5
  * Chalker centos 5 is not supported anymore
  * Rich will take action to push discussion with build WG

### nodejs/admin

* doc: doc expectations on TSC and CommComm members [#12](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/pull/12)
  * added to agenda for TSC awareness
  * some discussion and will take it back to github

### Initial discussion on 'values'

* Myles provided some initial text which included this list:
  * Treating all humans participating in the project with respect
    and kindness
  * Create a diverse environment where individuals feel comfortable
    participating
  * Actively mentor the growth of our peers
  * Being reliable as a platform, a project, and as individuals
  * Being proactive about the health of our project
  * Being accountable when things go wrong
  * Valuing speed, but not at the cost of reliability.

* Next step put into PR in Admin repo.

* Jeremiah, after this in addition a values doc for core (possibly
  more technical would also be useful)

### nodejs/lts

* V8 6.1 / 6.2 for 8.x LTS
  * Myles had added this.
  * Consensus of Release LTS WG was to pull in 6.1
  * Plan for release on Oct 10, giving us the rest of the
    month before LTS
  * Vulnerability in 6.0, 6.1 and later, opt disabled
    <https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/15564>
  * 6.2 could be made to be ABI compatible, may want to
    consider pref regressions from turning off opt. Myles
    understands there was already pushback on 6.1.  Before
    move forward wanted to have some discussion.  6.2 has
    a brand new escape analysis optimization, so it is not
    possible to backport.
    * Matteo, vulnerability only affects browser ?
    * Ali, in browser remote code execution, but in Node.js
      just a crash
    * Matteo, delay release to include ?
    * Anna, possibly ship 2 versions, one with 6.1 and one with 6.2
    * Jeremiah, always new fixes so likely stick with 6.1.

### Long term TSC goals

* kick off discussion.
* Ran out of time roll over to next meeting

## Q&A, Other

* bitbang, would be confusing to have 2 LTS version of 8

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
