# Node Foundation TSC Meeting 2017-09-13
## Links

* **Recording**: * **GitHub Issue**: [TSC#338](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/388)
* **Minutes Google Doc**: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1tOeEpEz2Qf7ybjsoFXRrMSpNrEcKIIfnc3eqDYeP0zU/edit?usp=sharing
* _Previous Minutes Google Doc: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1al5l33g9wlNS3fMQHNdpxyhWPoJhLAMtu4ChaAiCmYs>_

## Present

* Ali Ijaz Sheikh @ofrobots (TSC)
* Anna Henningsen @addaleax (TSC)
* Brian White @mscdex (TSC)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Evan Lucas @evanlucas (TSC)
* Jeremiah Senkpiel @Fishrock123 (TS
* James M Snell @jasnell (TSC)
* Myles Borins @MylesBorins (TSC)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Michaël Zasso @targos (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)
* Rod Vagg @rvagg (TSC)
* Sakthipriyan Vairamani @thefourtheye (TSC)
* William Kapke @williamkapke (Observer)

## Agenda

* announcements

* review previous meeting

### nodejs/TSC

* New TSC Director/Chair Elections [#326](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/326)
* TSC Meeting Schedule [#336](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/336)
* 2FA for the entire org [#301](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/301)
* Candidate "areas" for TSC and Community Committee  [#278](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/278)
* Copyright Date [#195](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/195)
* Regular roll-up reporting for active working groups [#109](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/109)

### nodejs/node

* stream: remove {writeableState/readableState}.length [#12857](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/12857)
* Cleanup `_writableState` and `_readableState` access across codebase [#445](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/445)

### nodejs/CTC

* Requesting Rod to step down or be removed from the CTC [#165](https://github.com/nodejs/CTC/issues/165)

## Announcements

No announcements this week.

## Previous Meeting Review

We skipped this as we had a packed agenda.

## Minutes

### nodejs/TSC
* New TSC Director/Chair Elections [#326](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/326)
 * No objections, Myles Borins named as Director, Michael Dawson named as Chair

* TSC Meeting Schedule [#336](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/336)
 * We should revisit quarterly, ideally aligned with 
   daylight savings times changes.
 * Agreed we should move forward with the proposed times.

* 2FA for the entire org [#301](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/301)
  * We have consensus on step 1, will take off agenda.
  * Myles, explore usb keys, could foundation fund ?
  * Rich, it has not been an issue so far, can we defer until we see
    if it will be an issue.
  * Matteo, biggest issue is telling and reminding people to do it.
  * Matteo, would be good to have  policy that if you need financial
    support you can request it.

* Candidate "areas" for TSC and Community Committee  [#278](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/278)
  * Michael gave overview and request to get involved in issue
  * Matteo highlighted Metrics as one where we might do more.

* Copyright Date [#195](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/195)
  * Myles to bring up at one board meeting
  * Remove from TSC agenda.

* Regular roll-up reporting for active working groups [#109](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/109)
  * Myles is going to try to get podcast style updates going.


### nodejs/node

* stream: remove {writeableState/readableState}.length [#12857](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/12857)
  * tied to 445, see discussion there

* Cleanup `_writableState` and `_readableState` access across codebase [#445](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/445)
  * prefer not to tack on properties to people’s object
  * having bundled into separate objects is better
  * anna, Brian are you ok with current state ?  
  * Brian, _ not ideal but if we can’t agree on any alternatives yes
  * Can’t explain how it works without including discussions of
    internal state machine.
  * If we have separate object that refers to existing one, but
    Matteo believes this may be an issue due to additional allocation
  * Jeremiah just consider _XX for writable and readable part of 
    public API and doc.  Brian does not prefer this but if not other
    good solutions then keep as is.
  * Matteo, fine to close all issues, but has been requested in
    the past, or somebody proposes alternative.
  * Matteo, time to close so let's have a vote ?
  * Myles, form interest group with Matteo, Brian, Anna, Jeremiah
  * Rich, possibly just at impasse, calling for vote
  * Matteo will open an issue to collect votes. 
    
# deps: backport V8 update to 6.1 https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/15393
  * Land 6.1 into 8 LTS
  * V8 team has worked on abi compatible patches (unclear if this
    is complete yet)
  * V8 reports that 6.1 has a larger number of fixes that would help
    ongoing maintenance
  * Rod, originally we said 2 months at one point
  * We would need to set end Oct as LTS release date
  * Research this week on risk/reward and push decision to LTS/Release
    working group for informed decision on upcoming Monday LTS/Release meeting

### nodejs/security-wg

* CVE management process for Node.js [#33](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/33)
  * Michael gave an overview of the proposal. Wanted to make sure TSC
    was comfortable moving forward. 
  * We agreed to leave on agenda, take discussion back to github
    for 1 week and discuss in the meeting next week.

### nodejs/CTC

* Requesting Rod to step down or be removed from the CTC [#165](https://github.com/nodejs/CTC/issues/165)
  * Ongoing discussion over last week
  * Most appropriate to discuss next steps in private section of meeting

## Q&A, Other

* not seen simple user access control with react ?
  * we are not sure what the questions is.
  * try using the nodejs/help repo

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.

