# Node Foundation TSC Meeting 2017-09-20

## Links

* **Recording**: <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xwZGpiqhnXA>
* **GitHub Issue**: [TSC#359](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/359)
* **Minutes Google Doc**: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1oMS1G-Tpgx8Ha8FqCb1XCLXSu5yZ6AjO1HmB1clUPaU/edit?usp=sharing>
* _Previous Minutes Google Doc: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1tOeEpEz2Qf7ybjsoFXRrMSpNrEcKIIfnc3eqDYeP0zU>_

## Present

* Anna Henningsen @addaleax (TSC)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Jeremiah Senkpiel @Fishrock123 (TSC)
* Joyee Cheung @joyeecheung (TSC)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Michaël Zasso @targos (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)

### Observers

## Agenda

* announcements
* review of previous meeting
* tagged issues (see minutes section for current list)

## Minutes

### Announcements

* No announcements this week

### Review of previous meeting

* Michael asked if we could drop the review of the previous meeting from the agenda.
* General agreement so we'll remove from the agenda going forward.
* We also skipped it for this week.

### nodejs/node

### nodejs/TSC

* Regular WG Status updates in TSC Meetings [#352](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/352)

  * We discussed.  No opposition to trying it out and adding to the
    Agenda.  Michael to add to next agenda with 1 WG to be on the
    Agenda.  If you do have concern chime into the issue.

* Authorise expenditure of $535.00 USD for Microsoft Authenticode signing certificate [#347](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/347)
  * We discussed and no opposition to going with the 3 year cert in
    the issue or in the discussion. Lets do that.

* Candidate "areas" for TSC and Community Committee  [#278](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/278)
  * Briefly discussed, Michael will think about a concrete proposal
    and then bring back to the TSC.

* [#355](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/355) Vote on the approach for <https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/445>
  * Some discussion here. We need 2 more votes to close out the voting.

### nodejs/security-wg

* CVE management process for Node.js [#33](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/33)
  * This was discussed last week, was taken back to github for a week
    to get more input, but no comments there since last week.
  * Anna mentioned that many people may not be follow the CVE process
    closely enough to have an opinion.
  * Michael walked through the process to fill out some detail.
  * Consensus was to move forward unless someone objects in the issue
    in the next week.

## Q\&A, Other

* Planning for collaborator summit is ongoing
  * Plan for every working group to plan something.
  * Workgroups should start preparing.
  * Michael suggested, that somebody open issue in working group to
    request volunteer.
  * Mateo will open issue in summit repo to discuss what we need to
    do.

* No questions

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
