# Node.js Foundation TSC Meeting 2017-02-09

## Links

* **Audio Recording**: <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jkOHtG7cjkU>
* **GitHub Issue**: [TSC#207](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/207)
* **Minutes Google Doc**:
  <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1riAkdcxmmFxggbPExDEDXBqp6bUslWN3ywGy0jqqeOQ>
* _Previous Minutes Google Doc_:
  <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1QWScwMz5JRhxgmmgcsk0b1pdCzSevf0jehhC94TgwZ8>

## Present

* Jeremiah Senkpiel @Fishrock123 (TSC)
* James Snell @jasnell (TSC)
* Bryan Hughes @nebrius (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Ben Noordhuis @bnoordhuis (TSC)
* William Kapke @williamkapke (observer/NF)
* Josh Gavant @joshgav (observer/Microsoft)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (observer/CTC)
* Mikeal Rogers @mikeal (observer/NF)

## Standup

* @nebrius: Community Committee charter moving along. Still in experimental
  state pending Board review.
* node-report 2.0.0 released.
* @mhdawson working on a common npm scope ID and username, will put together
  proposal. Check with Chris Dickinson for already-registered names.

## Agenda

### Today

* nominating @joshgav to the TSC
  [TSC#205](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/205)
* Copyright Date [TSC#195](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/195)
* Formation of a Security Working Group
  [TSC#175](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/175)
* Updating the Copyright [TSC#174](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/174)
* Utilize travel fund for all CTC / TSC members who want to come to Node
  Interactive [TSC#147](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/147)
* charter: revised membership rules
  [node#142](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/142)
* Rotating meeting times [TSC#198](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/198)

### Last Meeting

* Formation of a Security Working Group
  [TSC#175](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/175)
* Investigate moving `nvm` into the foundation
  [TSC#96](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/96)
* Updating the Copyright
  [TSC#174](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/174)
* Copyright Date
  [TSC#195](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/195)
* charter: revised membership rules
  [TSC#142](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/142)
* General update to the Member travel fund doc
  [TSC#181](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/181)
* Rotating meeting times
  [TSC#198](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/198)
* ...migrate Inclusivity Working Group...
  [TSC#179](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/179)

***

## Minutes

### nominating @joshgav to the TSC [TSC#205](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/205)

Do we need to wait for updates to membership rules? No, as long as we have
requisite vote now.

Charter says that adding/removing members requires a vote, and agreement by 2/3
of members.

@mikeal: Can we remove 2/3 requirements? Yes, @jasnell will update #142.
Forcible removal should still require 2/3.

Perhaps nominations should be in private first so less potential conflict. If
so, we should note in README.

For Josh, James will offer people to vote or discuss in private if desired, if
comfortable people can vote in public.

Next steps:

* Vote in issue or privately, James will report results.

***

### Copyright Date [TSC#195](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/195)

Across all repos/projects, do we need to update licenses with dates? Do we need
to update previous years to 2017 as we make updates now? Can we completely
remove the date? Need to refer this to Board.

@jasnell: Individual projects shouldn’t set their own copyright headers, should
defer to Board and standards in nodejs/node.

No date in standard header in nodejs/node. Suggest other projects use same.

@mikeal: Some projects come in with different licenses and formats.

For new projects, recommendation is no date, and use an SPDX reference.

Next steps:

* Refer question to Board.

***

### Formation of a Security Working Group [TSC#175](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/175)

Bill of sale was approved and signed, waiting for actual transfer of data. See
[comment](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/16#issuecomment-278388321).

@mikeal to contact Adam Baldwin (@evilpacket).

Next steps:

* @mikeal to contact Adam Baldwin.
* Remove from tsc-agenda.

***

### Updating the Copyright [TSC#174](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/174)

Once Board approves first PR it will land.

Second PR (updated copyright header) needs review by Board and copyright holders
before it can land. Initial review next week, final approval later.

James added linting, docs in COLLABORATOR\_GUIDE.md. It’s ready to go, waiting on
Board.
Do we need to backport to LTS lines? @mikeal: No, we have approval to update
master alone.

Next steps:

* Await Board and Legal Committee direction.

***

### Utilize travel fund for all CTC / TSC members who want to come to Node Interactive [TSC#147](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/147)

This should be closed and removed from agenda.

***

### charter: revised membership rules [node#142](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/142)

Charter change so requires 2/3 of TSC (8 people).

Adds an attendance rule, 25% of meetings per 6 months, about 1 every 3 months.
Goal is to ensure quorum and active participation.

James will modify to remove 2/3 requirement for all but forced resignations.

If possible get approved by Monday so can be brought before Board.

Next steps:

* James to update to relax 2/3 rule for all but removal of member.
* Votes from TSC.
* Add to Board agenda.

***

### Rotating meeting times [TSC#198](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/198)

Proposal to rotate like CTC. Alternate proposal is to find a single time which
works for all.

Next steps:

* Review the doc and propose some times.

***

## Q/A

Q: Should we support a Collaboration Summit around JSConf EU in May (see
[summit#39](https://github.com/nodejs/summit/issues/39)?

A: Sure, we just need people to drive it. There’s a Code\&Learn being planned by
Rich and Anna around that conference too.

***

## Next Meeting

Node.js Foundation calendar:
<https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=kap.co_i17i575te0aes6kaanfjr2e4hs%40group.calendar.google.com>

2017-02-23 2000 UTC (Thursday 12pm Pacific).
