# Node.js Foundation TSC Meeting 2017-01-12

## Links

* **Audio Recording**: <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNl3nvGFHC4>
* **GitHub Issue**: [TSC#167](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/194)
* **Minutes Google Doc**:
  <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1eLeeL-7Mz9nze9g-EmVEPAP5CASr-Hn1IMlKghinrk4>
* _Previous Minutes Google Doc_:
  <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1gQHht4zN23pbwrDkNjnKv0Bn40nNJ-9Td6AeOHaAHbU>


## Present

* Bryan Hughes @nebrius (TSC)
* Jeremiah Senkpiel @Fishrock123 (TSC)
* Rod Vagg @rvagg (TSC)
* James Snell @jasnell (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Bert Belder @piscisareus
* Anna Henningsen @addaleax (observer/CTC)
* Josh Gavant @joshgav (observer/Microsoft)
* William Kapke @williamkapke (observer)
* Jenn Turner @jennwrites (observer/NF)
* Tracy Hinds @hackygolucky (observer/NF)


## Agenda

Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the
**nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* Add info about YouTube access
  [TSC#183](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/183)
* General update to the Member Travel Fund doc
  [TSC#181](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/181)
* Formation of a Security Working Group
  [TSC#175](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/175)
* Updating the Copyright [TSC#174](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/174)
* Add scope of responsibility for TSC ("Define Node Core" cont.)
  [TSC#144](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/144)
* Community Committee
* nvm and version-management
* node-inspect

## Review of last meeting

* Travel fund request for Anna Henningsen for TC39 in January
  [#176](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/176)
* Formation of a Security Working Group
  [#175](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/175)
* Updating the Copyright [#174](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/174)
* Utilize travel fund for all CTC / TSC members who want to come to Node
  Interactive [#147](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/147)
* Add scope of responsibility for TSC ("Define Node Core" cont.)
  [#144](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/144)
* charter: revised membership rules
  [#142](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/142)
* Investigate moving `nvm` into the foundation
  [#96](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/96)

## Minutes

### Add info about YouTube access [#183](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/183)

* Quick discussion about YouTube access and overlapping live meetings.
* Agreed to merge the PR.

### General update to the Member Travel Fund doc [#181](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/181)

* Agreed that if there are no objections by Monday Jan-16 then it should land.

### Updating the Copyright [#174](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/174)

* @jasnell requested review from the Foundation Legal Committee for
  [node#10155](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/10155) and
  [node#10599](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/10599).
* @rvagg will pass this to the Foundation Board to get it to the LC.
* Discussion about doing it via email or waiting for a board meeting. Rod to
  send an email and see if we can get action.

### Add scope of responsibility for TSC ("Define Node Core" cont.) [#144](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/144)

* Couple of minor nits, otherwise ready to merge.

### Community Committee

* Tracy looking for community groups to get involved.
* Talked about process - Foundation Board wants to review a proposed charter
  before moving forward; Tracy is trying to build to that.
* Discussed what groups to reach out to.

### nvm and version-management

* Will look for an update on progress at next TSC meeting (Jan-26).

### node-inspect

* Voted to bring this into the nodejs GitHub org _pending_ a vote on the CTC
  that this is what they want to do.

---

## Q/A

None.

---
## Next Meeting

Node.js Foundation calendar:
<https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=kap.co_i17i575te0aes6kaanfjr2e4hs%40group.calendar.google.com>

2016-01-16 2000 UTC (Thursday 12pm Pacific).

