# Node.js Foundation TSC Meeting 2017-06-01
## Links
* Date: June 1, 2017
* Next meeting: June 22, 2017
* **GitHub Issue**: [TSC#277](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/277)
* **Minutes Google Doc**: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-2V2dZKQzw-2Nyzef4y-vjzdkvPYKYjOgKONdsaNHCw>
* Previous Minutes Google Doc:<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-2V2dZKQzw-2Nyzef4y-vjzdkvPYKYjOgKONdsaNHCw/edit>

## Present
* Bryan Hughes @nebrius (TSC)
* James M Snell @jasnell (TSC)
* Mikeal Rogers @mikeal (observer/Node.js Foundation)
* Rod Vagg @rvagg (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Jenn Turner @renrutnnej (observer)
* Tracy Hinds @hackygolucky (observer/Node.js Foundation)
* Myles Borins @MylesBorins (observer/TSC nominee)

## Agenda
Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests
from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/readable-stream

* Bring string_decoder into the foundation
  [#272](https://github.com/nodejs/readable-stream/issues/272)

### nodejs/TSC

* Request to move moderation responsibilities to CommComm
  [#270](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/270)
* Request: Additional 2017 Travel Fund Allocation
  [#250](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/250)
* Copyright Date [#195](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/195)
* Clarify which people should be org owners
  [#125](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/125)
* Regular roll-up reporting for active working groups
  [#109](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/109)

## Minutes

### Alternate meeting tool

* Michael proposed we switch to hangouts so that we can
  have live broadcasts/recording.
* Myles to investigate meet as something which would
  possibly even be better
* For now we'll switch over to hangouts for the next
  meeting until Myles reports.

### Bring string_decoder into the foundation [#272](https://github.com/nodejs/readable-stream/issues/272)

* There are no objections from the CTC.  Added comment to TSC issue
  [#260}(<https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/260>) to say will
  Be considered to be approved unless there are objections by Monday June 5.

### Request to move moderation responsibilities to CommComm[#270](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/270)

* Bryan, was to support the potential re-org of the TSC
* James, there is an alternate PR for joint responsibility of moderation
  TSC and community committee
* Myles, one thing that has worked well is the moderation repo.
  Transparency/openness is very important.  Need to make sure we
  don't lose parts that are working well.
* Bryan, do need to formalize escalation process.
* Rod, earlier discussions in comcom was to help set process/not own
  This is about moving responsibility.
* Bryan yes.
* Rod, the people who get to make the decisions on the group should
  Be made by the group.  So in this case, potential issue because
  The comcom team does not come out of the technical team.  Really
  only concerned with github and technical team as opposed to other
  Channels.
* Myles, initial discussion was that it would be up to each of the
  teams/repos to accept moderation guidelines.
* Mikeal, moderation cannot really be delegated as it must be done
  by the group but the issue may be the escalation policy.
* James, ideally the moderation policy would be consistent across
  The repos.  That's why suggested to have joint ownership and
  Escalation would be to both TSC and ComCom.
* Bryan, a lot of merits to making it joint.
* Bryan, specifically what the proposal would entail if it was to
  Move to comcom, docs would move to comcom repo, tweaks to TSC and
  Comcom charter.
* Mikeal, key thing is really where the escalation goes and currently
  that is only to TSC even though some of the repos are now
  Under comcom.
* Brian, TSC has been slow to do the moderation work,people in comcom
  may be more active in doing work.
* Mikeal, we already have people that moderate across the repos.
  De-escalation is the largest part of the work.
* James, proposal he put on table, moderators are from the
  collaborators from the project.
* Rodd, key thing is that doers have the influence over the things
  that impact them.
* Mikeal, 2 different things in the proposal to restructure TSC,
  representation and admin/groups.
* Myles, one of the issues was community internally and externally.
  New role of the TSC, place for WGs to come together to share info
  and hold other groups accountable for their actions.

### How to progress the discussion on governance

* Rod, How to make it more digestable
* Mikeal, there are several issues and hard to discuss one at a time
* Rod, can we open up to a larger group for discussion.
* James, became complicated due to a larger number of comments from a
  smallish number of people.
* Myles, suggested a google doc versus a PR as living doc, that
  anybody can modify and actions can be assigned.
* Mikeal, thread about representative structure.
* Myles, believe most people are ok, but smaller group don't like
  core having less say.  2nd point pushback from WGs that it would
  Generate more work/admin. Myles believes this is a way to bring
  more people in to contribute to decisions.
* and more discussion.
* open a new thread about how to move forward without getting into
  low level details.  Not tied to any proposal. Refining goals and
  current problems.
* Tracy, suggest it might be good to find way to get neutral
  third party as moderator.

### Request: Additional 2017 Travel Fund Allocation [#250](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/250)

No objections so James to move forward.

### rest of issues

We agreed to roll over the issues to the next meeting as we
ran out of time.

## Q/A

None, since we were not streaming.

## Next Meeting

Node.js Foundation calendar: <https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=kap.co_i17i575te0aes6kaanfjr2e4hs%40group.calendar.google.com>

Next meeting: 2017-06-15 2000 UTC (Thursday 1pm US Pacific).
