# Node Foundation TSC Meeting 2017-10-18

## Links

* **Recording**: <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JiOn0CLCIAU>
* **GitHub Issue**: [TSC#384](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/384)
* **Minutes Google Doc**: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ySnvsuJV3wMnPhaHqBLPv0ESxjUaDdaQarkhmDrD3Mc/edit?usp=sharing>
* _Previous Minutes Google Doc: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PkoiLPj1b_ePtCL6IWDSwI-eh1Vzp7sfhu5deoiWM-A>_

## Present

* Ali Ijaz Sheikh @ofrobots (TSC)
* Anna Henningsen @addaleax (TSC)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Dan Shaw @dshaw (Observer)
* Evan Lucas @evanlucas (TSC)
* Franziska Hinkelmann @fhinkel (TSC)
* James M Snell @jasnell (TSC)
* Jeremiah Senkpiel @Fishrock123 (TSC)
* Joyee Cheung @joyeecheung (TSC)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Myles Borins @MylesBorins (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)
* Sakthipriyan Vairamani @thefourtheye (TSC)
* Sarah Novotny @sarahnovotny (Observer, Foundation Board)

## Agenda

## Announcements

No announcements this week.

### Workgroup Update

#### Benchmarking Work Group

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/build

* tmp dir needed on ubuntu 1604 and fedora23 [#873](https://github.com/nodejs/build/issues/873)
  * Myles added it, and he.s removing tsc-agenda, being kicked back to build WG.

### nodejs/node

* Support both OpenSSL 1.1.0 and 1.0.2 [#16130](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/16130)
  * Myles: 1.0.2 is EOL end 2019, we shortened lifecycle of
    Node v8 to accommodate
  * Myles: 1.1.0 is latest, but no LTS plan is public and no FIPS.
  * Myles: We need a solid OpenSSL story by the time 10.0.0 is cut because LTS and all that.
  * Myles: We need a crypto team or a WG to handle this.
  * Michael Dawson: Once 9.0.0 is cut, we should switch over to 1.1.0 in master. We know we can.t stay
    on 1.0.2 for 10.0.0 because it will be end of life. So straightforward path is upgrade to 1.1.0.
  * Myles: I volunteer to help put together a group to push this forward. Anyone else? I.m not an expert.
  * James: The TSC experts on crypto aren.t on this call. We should pull in Fedor and Shigeki for sure.
  * Myles: I.ll reach out to them.
  * Michael: Anyone think moving to 1.1.0 after cutting 9 is the wrong thing to do?
  * James: What about FIPS?
  * Michael: We may have no choice. If there.s no FIPS module, what can else can we do?
  * James: We can.t have 10.0.0 go LTS without FIPS.
  * Myles: Only alternative that has a FIPS module is BoringSSL. But the README is not encouraging about it.
    we should maybe get some industry folks involved. I.ve heard that maybe there.s a desire to not have FIPS support.
  * James: If that.s our route, we need to deprecate FIPS support ASAP.
  * Myles: We could deprecate FIPS in 9.0.0 and bring it back anytime.
  * James: Would rather not deprecate and bring back. We can do a docs deprecation later in 9.0.0 and a run time deprecation in 10.0.0.
  * Nikita: +1 to deprecating FIPS.
  * ACTION ITEM: Myles, James, Michael, hopefully Fedor and Shigeki, maybe others, will talk about this and bring back a proposal.

* async_hooks: skip sanity checks when disabled [#15454](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/15454)
  * Matteo: some asserts in place, they were causing failures
    in tests even without async hooks being enabled (needed to
    rush release to fix hapi).  Question is about making the
    checks stronger only if async hooks is enabled.  But since
    experimental want to be able to diagnose issues.  Main question
    is should those checks be enabled in 8, even if async hooks
    is not stable yet.
  * Anna, checks are not necessarily checking async hooks, if
    there is a crash probably a real issue, and we would want to
    know about them
  * James easy to see both sides.
  * There seems to be a loose objection from Trevor.
  * James any strong opposition from those on the call?
  * James: Needs more time in Experimental.
  * Anna: Yes, but it's close to being production ready.
  * Jeremiah: I agree.
  * Evan: So the bugs we have left are fixable?
  * James: Yes.

* http2: expose http2 by default, add NODE_NO_HTTP2  [#15685](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/15685)
  * change has happened in master
  * time sensitive is discussion about getting it into 8.x
  * existing http2 modules in userland.  This would
    hide that implementation
  * Environment variable is avail that would turn it off in
    case it breaks people.

* buffer: runtime-deprecate Buffer ctor by default [#15346](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/15346)
  * seems like usage is increasing, but impact is decreasing
  * straw poll at NI had 5/7 people say it should never be
    deprecated
  * Rich, has action to feel out people as to where we stand
    collectively.
* http: send 400 bad request on parse error [#15324](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/15324)
  * discussed, additional votes will be added by Rich/Ali, hope is that this pushes it over the 50% level.

* stream: move prefixed files into internal/streams. [#11957](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/11957)
  * roll over to next week as we are out of time

### nodejs/TSC

* Proposal to form a Governance Working Group [#383](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/383)
  * For awareness, and will talk about it next week in the agenda.
  * Myles, of 2 minds. Wants full TSC involvement in governance,
    but acknowledges that smaller group can make more progress.
  * Dan, learned that working groups have a very specific meaning
    main suggestion is to get group of people together to focus
    on the longer term issues.
  * Myles, alternate proposal was to bring TSC members to a 2-3
    day in room meeting would help move it forward.  Can we look
    at official meeting to deal with these issues.  Potentially
    at the open source leadership conf (March 6-8 may be a bit
    far off).  Maybe Munic/New York office bridged together
  * Michael, +1 to Myles proposal.
  * Action, go to the thread, weigh on you thoughts, proposals
  * We will discuss higher up in agenda for next week.

* doc: adjust voting rules [#378](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/378)
  * will discuss again next week

* Who should be in @nodejs/security? Who should have access to the private repo? [#358](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/358)
  * roll over as we are out of time

### nodejs/admin

* doc: doc expectations on TSC and CommComm members [#12](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/pull/12)
  * roll over as we are out of time

## Q&A, Other

* why report the DOS vulnerabilty ?
  * to give people time to prepare to be able to apply quickly once
    Available.

* some comments as to voice quality

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
