# Node.js Foundation Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2017-10-25

## Links

* **Recording**: <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p1LB6VxKchw>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/396>
* **Minutes Google Doc**: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ptEaqEG9sI8EhBFqZv1MQhyuEFfq1F81XyXbMqHyN84/>

## Present

* Anna Henningsen @addaleax (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Jeremiah Senkpiel @Fishrock123 (TSC)
* James M Snell @jasnell (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Myles Borins @MylesBorins (TSC)
* Ali Ijaz Sheikh @ofrobots (TSC)
* Rod Vagg @rvagg (TSC)
* Trevor Norris @trevnorris (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)
* William Kapke @williamkapke (Node.js Community Board representative)
* Forrest L Norvell @othiym23 (Moderation team member for moderation update)

## Agenda

## Announcements

* Security release yesterday.  There was an unrelated regression in 8.8.0 release, 8.8.1 release
  being prepared today. Includes unflagging HTTP2.

### WG update

* Update from the moderation team (Forrest)

* Deck used for presentation <https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1cN712pneaa7L6_wVl9-M2OpK_2Am8EbarYyoJxxyyYA/edit#slide=id.p>

* 10 members, so far have had to be intervene in 0 issues, though there were 2 requests
  for guidance
* team not working group
* scope set as enforcing policies, not setting them.
* With thefourtheye joining the team now has global timezone coverage
  (this has been challenge due to being a small team)
* Work coordinated through a slack workspace
* Tracy looking at training for moderation team members
* Team will suggest moderation changes, iteration based on experience gained
  through events.  These will come to TSC or other areas for TSC/CommComm to review.
* Myles, one thing for moderation team to think about is moderation requests
  about leadership.  This is something Myles would be interested to see suggestion
  as to process for this (since they need to implement it).
* Forrest, as long as policy is clear enough, it should be able to be applied to
  leaders and members alike.

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/node

* Support both OpenSSL 1.1.0 and 1.0.2 [#16130](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/16130)
  * current state is that it is getting ready to land
  * not to switch, just the option to allow us to compile with 1.1 and start testing it out
  * Myles had volunteered to setup a meeting, had sent out doodle.  Myles may not
    have bandwidth to drive this one asked if Rod can be the champion.  Rod has agreed.
  * Myles has already mentioned that we've had trouble getting patches landed in the openssl
    project.
  * Rod will take it as an action item to document the state of things and drive this to the extent
    that there's anything we can do right now.

* util,assert: expose util.isDeepStrictEqual() [#16084](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/16084)
  * Rich, blocking objection has been removed, take off the agenda.

* buffer: runtime-deprecate Buffer ctor by default [#15346](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/15346)
  * Rich had action item to take pulse of TSC as there was some suggestion that maybe we
    should never do it. Survey of 14 TSC memory shows there is desire to runtime deprecate
    at sometime in the future.
  * Remaining question is by what criteria would it get a runtime deprecation.
    Rich observed that TSC appears unwilling or unable to provide specific
    criteria.

* stream: move prefixed files into internal/streams. [#11957](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/11957)
* Enable explicit `.m.js` intent for ESM [#16170](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/16170)
  * remove from agenda at this.

### nodejs/TSC

* Proposal to form a Governance Working Group [#383](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/383)
  * James is scheduling a call. There's a [Doodle](https://doodle.com/poll/imwnmz98uad846p9) in the issue.
    more TSC responses on that, please.

* Who should be in @nodejs/security? Who should have access to the private repo? [#358](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/358)
  * Myles, let's leave this to the security-wg to come up with proposal and then bring back to
    TSC for review.

### nodejs/admin

* doc: doc expectations on TSC and CommComm members [#12](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/pull/12)
  * For awareness, likely to land on Friday
  * Fishrock, even though we cannot get broad values would be good for the TSC
    to define a set of values for the TSC.
  * Michael, agree suggested PR to start discussion on them.  Don.t believe this should
    block the expectations document.
  * Myles doing additional values session and would like to avoid landing things
    until we get that feedback.  Does not believe it should block expectations doc
  * William mentioned current version has removed some references to values and
    believes we should not block either.

## Q&A, Other

* From irc, Bryan English, number of uncharted WG's not an issue to have groups to
  work on things which are uncharted.  Michael maybe we can ask the
  security-wg team to think about when/if it makes sense to request an official charter.
* Some floating moderation work that needs to be done, Myles had suggested we set up group
  Across the TSC, CommComm, moderation through work edge cases.  He has opened issue
  and will take discussion back to the tracker. <https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/24>

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
