# Node.js Foundation Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2017-12-13

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1sHufGWR_WU
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/435
* **Minutes Google Doc**: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1oWrjw845TDCAYCZHkYv51oyA_d-jxzcGe0hvwtf1_Io

## Present

* Anna Henningsen @addaleax (TSC)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Franziska Hinkelmann @fhinkel (TSC)
* Michaël Zasso @targos (TSC)
* Trevor Norris @trevnorris (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements
* Collab summit Berlin, most likely on May 31 - Friday, June 1, 2018. The 2 days prior to JSConf.eu [#56](https://github.com/nodejs/summit/issues/56).

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/node

* events: add off alias to removeListener [#17156](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/17156)

Rich: GitHub conversation did not get “unstuck”. Move to vote.

* DO NOT MERGE: \[module\] Revert checking for package.json before extensions [#15015](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/15015)

Michaël: Need an update from Bradley

Franzi: Leave it for next week’s meeting.

Rich: Invite Bradley as a guest.

* build: update minimum kernel version to 3.10.0 [#14795](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/14795)

Rich: Given this and the last issue, maybe we should invite Ruben to the meeting as an observer too next time to frame these issues.

Franzi: Agreed. We need more people to decide and frame these. Maybe we should invite Gibson too.

### nodejs/TSC

* Strategic Initiatives - Tracking Issue [#423](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/423)
  * N-API - continue to work on moving out of ‘experimental’.  Looking to use bcrypt and
    one of Anna’s modules for production use.  Have made some progress on investigating
    how node-pre-gyp will work, focus on tests and doc continues.

  * Moderation: Meeting today. Will have a “real” update next time.

  * V8: Opened PR for 6.4. Not expecting major issues with this update.

  * Module: There was the blog post on the Node.js Foundation's Medium Publication [The Current State of Implementation and Planning for ESModules](https://medium.com/the-node-js-collection/the-current-state-of-implementation-and-planning-for-esmodules-a4ecb2aac07a)

* TSC Nomination: Daniel Bevenius [#419](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/419)

Franzi: Low turnout for this meeting. Should we finalize another time?

Rich: Probably. Let’s gather what votes we can though.

“Yes” votes from this meeting’s attendes and email: Rich, Franzi, Michaël Zasso, Trevor, Nikita, Anna, James, Michael Dawson, Colin, Evan, Matteo

\[Post-meeting note from Rich: That’s enough votes to declare it official. Will move forward with it on GitHub.\]

* Document guidelines for accountability expectations for all members of the TSC and CommComm [#311](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/311)

Franzi: Move to next week.

* unclear membership related terms and processes [#178](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/178)

Franzi: Myles put it on the agenda and wanted to know if we should work on it or close it. I vote to close it since we can always re-open or open a more targeted issue.

Rich: +1

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings
Later Today: Diagnostics WG
Next TSC Meeting: 12/20/2017

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
