# Node.js Foundation Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2017-12-06

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1sHufGWR_WU>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/432>
* **Minutes Google Doc**: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1N029ttRxw92pv1k0Xc0-abkwbHMRW7Ts6r4nFeJbF4M>

## Present

* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Franziska Hinkelmann @fhinkel (TSC)
* James M Snell @jasnell (TSC)
* Jeremiah Senkpiel @Fishrock123 (TSC)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Myles Borins @MylesBorins (TSC)
* Ali Sheikh @ofrobots (TSC)
* Rod Vagg @rvagg (TSC)
* Trevor Norris @trevnorris (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)
* Daniel Bevenius @danbev (observer)
* William Kapke @williamkapke (observer)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* No announcements this week.

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/node

* Enable explicit `.m.js` intent for ESM [#16170](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/16170)
  * asked to provide clear statement on what is negotiable and what is not
  * Myles has been working on blog post to cover that, going out next Tuesday
  * Myles had talked to originator of issue, discussed content, seemed easy.
  * can remove from agenda

* buffer: runtime-deprecate Buffer(num) by default [#15608](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/15608)
  * phased approach to deprecate some parts earlier
  * question to TSC is that an option ?
  * opinion from TSC in issue has mostly been -> not an option
  * no opposition from those in meeting, will remove from agenda and say 'not an option' in
    issue.

* events: add off alias to removeListener [#17156](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/17156)
  * Matteo mentioned he was opposed
  * Rod not a fan, but people seem to really want it
  * Opposed to be it being semver minor.  Believe it is a bad idea but more ok if it is
    semver major.
  * Trevor ran into issues in past when we added an underscore property.  Cannot add to event
    emitter lightly
  * James, similar problems in other cases with event emitter, cases that would break
    if somebody tried to use off on an emitter that does not extend from the event emitter
    class.
  * Rich Issue seems to list out issues, maybe go to vote ?
  * Myles anyway we can land, with caveat not to backport until enough usage
  * Matteo would like it never to go back
  * Matteo is ok with 'do not land on 8'.
  * James prefer semver major, land in 10. Matteo that would be even better.
  * Jeremiah not in agreement.
  * All in agreement that if it lands it should be semver major.
  * Myles will put summary comment into issue.

* Add remark dependencies  [#17320](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/17320)
  * Added by Myles
  * When remark was added we decided not to add the dependencies, opposition was around
    git performance.
  * Myles did more recent investigation found some info that it might not be a perf issue
  * Rich, maybe we should have invited @refack to to participate in the discussion.
  * 1800 files is about 4%
  * Michael do we have the comparison between git clone time with/without
  * Jeremiah, put into tarball, pull tarball and uncompress.  Myles maybe we should
    do for eslint dependencies as well.  Maybe we should remove remark from test
    suite.
  * Refael has removed with objection.
  * Jeremiah we should avoid pulling in many more files.  Suggestion is to remove markdown
    linting until we can find another solution
  * James, has had enough problems that we should just remove markdown linting and then
    fix afterwards.
  * Myles ok with closing, need volunteer to remove linter.  Will close and @refack will take point
    on removing/finding an alternative solution.  Make strategic initiative around dependency
    management.

### nodejs/build

* note that release config is removed after 6m [#997](https://github.com/nodejs/build/pull/997)
  * still have bits/pieces across build infra related to releases before 4.x.
  * build team wants to remove.  If we do would be pretty much impossible to build one of these
    versions again.
  * this to check there are no objections before we move forward.
  * any objections if we first capture jekins xml config and put in repo.  None raised.

### nodejs/TSC

* Enterprise Advisory Group [#431](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/431)
  * Group of companies who have adopted Node.
  * Organizing group to provide feedback
  * Goal is to have that group run the process, that is why no other TSC members organized
  * Feedback on priorities, pain points.
  * Michael, how do we position versus existing user-feedback effort to put call out to companies
    who would participate in regular interlocks.
  * James, talk to Dan on that front.
  * Myles, what is being done to set expectations in terms of what actions may/may not happen
    based on input.
  * William, important that we set expectations. user-feedback group recognizes that setting
    expectations is important.
  * James, top issues they mentioned were things that were already on our plates.
  * William, feedback from these companies is good for others to see.  Any chance of having
    meetings be public.
  * James may be a mix. Minutes were may public, but some cases were we might need to
    have things be public.
  * Myles what would be success metrics and how would that be different than the general
    user-feedback outreach.
  * Myles, should we cycle through TSC members who attend.

* Strategic Initiatives - Tracking Issue [#423](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/423)
  * going to skip for this week
  * asking people to do it the minutes in advance in the google doc for the meeting in case
    we don't have time to go through them.

    * HTTP/2 Initiative - There is a bit of a large cleanup on close/destroy/error semantics
      being worked on now. It's a rather large PR that's going to be difficult to review.
      It's not quite ready to go (gimme a few days or so). it will yield significantly improved API
      consistency and an error flow that actually makes sense. However, if we weren't still in
      experimental status, it would be semver-major, so just a heads up.

    * New Streams API Initiative - Jeremiah and I worked through some details earlier this week.
      We should have an updated couple of PRs in January some time.

    * Moderation WG strategic initiatives update: Remaining issue to be worked out before we
      can take this off the strategic initiatives list is how the Moderation team gets moderation
      privileges across all the repositories. Easiest and worst solution is to make all team
      members org owners. Better would be a bot that has certain permissions across all
      repositories that team members can issue targeted, specific, auditable commands to.
      Not sure how to get there from here, but without the actual power to engage in moderation
      activities, the Moderation Team is not fully a Moderation Team.

    * V8 gyp scaffolding responsibility handoff  [#411](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/411)
      * Q1, scaffolding for gyp will be removed from v8
      * Simplest is to start checking in the scaffolding
      * Francisca, V8 looking at getting node to build with GN, problem is might not support all
        platforms
      * Ben looking a cmake as an alternative
      * Myles to take action to make this a strategic initiative.

    * N-API
      * Still working on plan to get out of experimental. Port of bcrypt is complete and
        may be one of the modules we can get real-life usage. Push on testing and documentation
        continues.

## Q&A, Other

No questsions this week.

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
