# Node.js Foundation TSC Meeting 2017-02-23

## Links

* **GitHub Issue**: [TSC#213](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/213)
* **Minutes Google Doc**:
  <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NWTKxNOdx-3-kfVHe2KL_AycNsl8el216x8Zb1e2G5M>
* _Previous Minutes Google Doc_:
  <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1DbUtvinmGBFD8UcZBqp6kWvRW4Wyj1bLyqjmppRRrso>

## Present

* James Snell @jasnell (TSC)
* Rod Vagg @rvagg (TSC)
* Ben Noordhuis @bnoordhuis (TSC)
* William Kapke @williamkapke (observer/NF)
* Josh Gavant @joshgav (observer/Microsoft)
* Mikeal Rogers @mikeal (observer/NF)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (observer/CTC)
* Anna Henningsen @addaleax (observer/CTC)

## Agenda

### Review of last meeting

* nominating @joshgav to the TSC
  [#205](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/205)
  * Vote in issue or privately, James will report results.

* Copyright Date [#195](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/195)
  * Refer question to Board.

* Formation of a Security Working Group
  [#175](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/175)
  * @mikeal to contact Adam Baldwin.

* Updating the Copyright [#174](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/174)
  * Await Board and Legal Committee direction.

* charter: revised membership rules
  [#142](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/142)
  * James to update to relax 2/3 rule for all but removal of member.
  * Votes from TSC.
  * Add to Board agenda.

### Today

* Next Collaboration Summit
  [summit#39](https://github.com/nodejs/summit/issues/39)
* nominating @joshgav to the TSC
  [TSC#205](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/205)
* Copyright Date [TSC#195](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/195)
* Updating the Copyright [TSC#174](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/174)
* charter: revised membership rules
  [TSC#142](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/142)
* npm package managed for node.js foundation modules -
  [TSC#211](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/211)

## Minutes

### Next Collaboration Summit [#39](https://github.com/nodejs/summit/issues/39)

Current proposal is before or after [JSConf.eu](http://2017.jsconf.eu/) in early
May in Berlin.

Has someone volunteered to coordinate? @eljefedelrodeodeljefe volunteered:
<https://github.com/nodejs/summit/issues/39#issuecomment-278368925>

@janl has offered space for us at [co-up](http://co-up.de/). Though not
associated with JSConf.eu it’s used for meetups and the like in Berlin, and it
would be free :).

@rvagg: Need a more concrete plan to move forward: dates, location (city),
nature of event. Need someone to accept responsibility for getting this done,
perhaps @addaleax or @eljefedelrodeodeljefe.

Solicit proposals from Collaborators on what sessions and topics to discuss.

Need to know what expenses other than individual travel are expected. For travel
fund requests we can ask people to open issues in nodejs/TSC.

**Next steps**

* Seek a volunteer, possibly @addaleax or @eljefedelrodeodeljefe to lead and
  make concrete proposal.

---

### nominating @joshgav to the TSC [#205](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/205)

@rvagg to officially call for vote, finalize by next meeting.

What about @mhdawson and @addaleax? Would be helpful for attaining quorum. Also
good to officially include those who are contributing. No objections.

---

### Copyright Date [#195](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/195)

Was discussed at Board meeting, when @mikeal reviews Board notes he’ll update
issue.

---

### Updating the Copyright [#174](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/174)

Board ratified first PR
([node#10155](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/10155)).

Second PR ([node#10599](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/10599)) still under
discussion with Legal Committee and Board. No timeline for answer.

---

### charter: revised membership rules [#142](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/142)

Vote was called for, still awaiting quorum.

---

### npm package managed for node.js foundation modules [TSC#211](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/211)

We publish node-report, node-inspect, citgm, some things from Build WG, and
more.

@rvagg proposal: Ensure all packages also include an official Node.js Foundation
username in case original maintainer departs. This is option 1 in the issue.

Should we use scope names (e.g. `@nodejs/node-inspect`)? Not necessarily
something we want, and there are associated complexities like backwards
compatibility, so best not to use.

**Next steps**

* Continue discussion on GH.

---

## Q/A

None.

---
## Next Meeting

Node.js Foundation calendar:
<https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=kap.co_i17i575te0aes6kaanfjr2e4hs%40group.calendar.google.com>

Next meeting: 2017-03-09 2000 UTC (Thursday 12pm US Pacific).
