# Node.js Foundation Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2018-10-31

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EK494IEUFOQ>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/618>

## Present

* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Franziska Hinkelmann @fhinkel (TSC)
* Jeremiah Senkpiel @Fishrock123 (TSC)
* Joyee Cheung @joyeecheung (TSC)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Myles Borins @MylesBorins (TSC)
* Sakthipriyan Vairamani @thefourtheye (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

\*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* New collaborator nominations
  * Peter Marshall (<https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/23849>)
  * Ouyang Yadong (<https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/23955>)
  * Masashi Hirano (<https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/23850>)

### nodejs/node

* fs: behaviour of readFile and writeFile with file descriptors [#23433](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/23433)
  * Vote has been suggested.
  * Michael have we had complaints from end users
    * Sakthipriyan - believe just raised by collaborators
  * Matteo has this been assessed by Canary in the Goldmine
    * CITGM has been run on the original PR, and failures looked like they had been failing in previous runs
      without the PR.
  * How would users know when behaviour is changed

### nodejs/TSC

* Tracking issue for updating TSC on Board Meetings [#476](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/476)
  * Nothing to update on board meeting front, currently no date for Nov meeting

* Strategic Initiatives - Tracking Issue [#423](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/423)
  * Modules
    * tentative phase 2, includes some bits like improving overall experience for interop with cjs
    * <https://github.com/nodejs/modules/blob/master/doc/plan-for-new-modules-implementation.md>

  * N-API
    * Workshop at NodeConfEU

  * Error Messages
    * Nothing new

  * Governance
    * Coveraged in bootstrap discussion
    * Discussion around making budgets controlled by project as opposed to Foundation board.
    * meta discussion around governance

* New Stream APIs
  * Presented more at collab summit, people seemed happy with work so far
  * Work as it is now does not make sense under org.

* Async hooks
  * Deep dive yesterday, decided to resurrect Matteo’s PR as blocker has been resolved.
    This PR exposes the current async resource so that it can be used as weakmap key to avoid
    the need for a destroy hook. Helps to address memory leak that we currently have for
    Domains.

* Open Web standards
  * Last week discussions around process to use for proposing/implementing standard
    * Pull request in TSC repo, similar process that we make for collaborator guide
    * Discussion on membership on open standards team
    * Agreed that its probably ok to make members of the team, members of the Node.js org
      as we do for other teams.

## Q\&A, Other

* Steven K - is there  slack channel
  * No official Node.js project channel.
  * There is node-slackers, which is a partner community see: <https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/blob/master/PARTNER_COMMUNITIES.md>

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
