# Node.js Foundation Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2018-07-18

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5GIkWKwBImk  
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/571

## Present

* Ali Ijaz Sheikh @ofrobots (TSC)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* James M Snell @jasnell (TSC)
* Jeremiah Senkpiel @Fishrock123 (TSC)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Michaël Zasso @targos (TSC)
* Sakthipriyan Vairamani @thefourtheye (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Michael Zasso, 10.7 will be out today.
 
*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/build

* Request for elevated permissions [#1337](https://github.com/nodejs/build/issues/1337)
  * Comments in issue say we can take off agenda for now, done.

### nodejs/node

* \[v10.x\] Revert "http: always emit close on req and res" [#21809](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/21809)
  * Matteo, it's a SemVer Major that slipped through.  3 commits total
  * Michael Z - this broke end of stream but that was fixed with a later PR. 
    https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/20941
  * Matteo, revert in 10.x, leave as is in Master
  * Michael, since reported as breaking by somebody already we should revert. Unfortunate
    because new behavior is probably what you’d expect even if not documented that way.
  * TSC please comment on the issue.

* Password Hashing API [#21766](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/21766)
  * Issue reports that new script API in v10.5 may cause people to make mistakes
  * Suggestion is that we should remove it, but that would SemVer major
  * Discussion going on in the security WG, https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/339
  * We should look to see if there is any usage, since complex may take time for it
    to be adopted.
  * One option is to rename, but that would be SemVer major.
  * Continue to discuss specific issue in GitHub chat
  * Jeremiah another possible option, deprecate current API, and change in 11.  Since 
    there are people that want to use it, that might not work.
  * Michael: Does this mean we should have additional reviews for additions to crypto APIs.  
    No objection, Michael will take action to open PR etc.

* doc: remove 2 unused error codes from errors.md [#21491](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/21491)
  * wait until Joyee is in meeting to discuss.

### nodejs/TSC

* Tracking issue for updating TSC on Board Meetings [#476](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/476)
* Strategic Initiatives - Tracking Issue [#423](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/423)

* Proposal: add all new core modules under a scope? (too late for http2) [#389](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/389)
  * PR exists but not what Matteo was looking for to clarify issues, he will comment on issue.
  * Matteo suggests we should just go to a vote, will comment in the issue.

* Move meetings times to 12,17,21 (or 12,16,21) [570](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/570)
  * 12,16,21  is preferred, some options give better average but they make it harder for
    certain individuals.
  * Let's leave until next week to make final decision and if no objections before then do the
    change.

### nodejs/docker-node
* [Image without npm nor yarn](https://github.com/nodejs/docker-node/issues/404)
  * nodejs/Release#341
  * Matteo, fine by him if we have a Release which is just Binaries.
  * Michael also ok, just need to think about Release work
  * Michael Z, seems strange if only docker needs it
  * Please comment in this issue and nodejs/Release#341

### nodejs/user-feedback

* 2018-07-16 Public User Feedback Meeting - General User Feedback [#74](https://github.com/nodejs/user-feedback/issues/74)
  * meeting already happened, nothing to discuss.

## Q&A, Other

No questions today.

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.


