# Node.js Foundation Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2018-12-05

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gqSmf5szUfQ   
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/639

## Present

* Anna Henningsen @addaleax (TSC)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Joyee Cheung @joyeecheung (TSC)
* Gabriel Schulhof @gabrielschulhof (TSC)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Michaël Zasso @targos (TSC)
* Sakthipriyan Vairamani @thefourtheye (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* No annoucements this week

### nodejs/node

* cli: add --max-http-header-size flag [#24811](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/24811)
  * Added to agenda for visibility.
  * Plan is to land and backport sooner than later as people were affected by change in the
    community release and this provides a work around.
  * Removed from agenda for now.

* Fixing child_process module to check values passed strictly to the options object [#24267](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/24267)
  * controversial as there is disagreement in the issue as to whether this should land.
  * Back to github and invite Liran to next TSC meeting to provide a deeper dive and then
    we can decide on next steps.
    
### nodejs/nodejs.org

* Re-enstate link to NiM in debug documentation. [#1923](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.org/issues/1923)
  * Push back to github and try to be up to speed to discuss in more detail next
    week.

### nodejs/TSC

* Tracking issue for updating TSC on Board Meetings [#476](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/476)
  * Board meeting next week

* Strategic Initiatives - Tracking Issue [#423](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/423)
  * Modules - Quite a bit of discussion happening right now in two break out proposals
    https://github.com/GeoffreyBooth/node-import-file-specifier-resolution-proposal

    A proposal to utilize metadata to determine the module type of a package allowing
    for us to support importing both esm and cjs modules.

    https://github.com/jkrems/proposal-pkg-exports/

    An alternative approach to the current Node.js resolution algorithm. Meta Data in  
    package.json would be used to identify exports. Compatible with [import-map
    proposal](https://github.com/domenic/import-maps/)
  
  * N-API - a few pull requests, discussed content of what might be in N-API version 4, 
    content would only be thread-safe as others.

  * Workers - Gabriel has been working with Anna to better integrate support for
    native modules. Allows for module unloading, remaining blocking issue is crash on
    AIX, Gabriel investigating.

  * Governance - we started a project board to track responsibilities of various
    stakeholders within the proposed foundation. We will be using this artifact to
    help determine how many Top-Level committees there will be and what they
    will be responsible for. https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/projects/1

  * Open Web Standards https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/21551

    Introducing a namespace to node. This has implications to other runtimes.
    https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/24894

    Dynamic Modules proposal. This proposal would allow spec compliant named imports
    from  CJS modules. TC39 and V8 want to ensure we have consensus within node
    before changes can land upstream. If you have concerns please raise them before
    next Wednesday (next modules team meeting).

### nodejs/community-committee

* Travel Fund Updates [#426](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/426)
  * Tracy Lee took us through the updates to the travel fund process and how the markdown
    file is being maintained to have the approved and paid out information.

* Node Store Launch [#425](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/425)
  * Tracy Lee introduced the node store
  * Took a while to figure out ok’s required from Joyent for logo and then budget etc. It is
    now up and she showed us a number of the items that are available.
  * Any $ made in the store goes back to the community through swag for meetups and
    things like that.
  * Talking to foundation about moving to red bubble so that we can avoid having to pre-buy
    swag. The advantage is that they print on demand.

## Q&A, Other

* No questions this week.

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.


