# Node.js Foundation Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2018-11-07

## Links

* **Recording**: <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R7-SIfsEKoY>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/622>

## Present

* Ali Ijaz Sheikh @ofrobots (TSC)
* Anatoli Papirovski @apapirovski (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Jeremiah Senkpiel @Fishrock123 (TSC)
* Michaël Zasso @targos (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)
* Rod Vagg @rvagg (TSC)
* Sakthipriyan Vairamani @thefourtheye (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

Welcome to our new collaborators @psmarshall and @shisama!

* Ouyang Yadong (@oyyd) nominated to be a collaborator (<https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/23955>)

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### fs: behaviour of readFile and writeFile with file descriptors [#23433](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/23433)

* Sakthi: Option 1 the preferred option at the moment. May be able to close this out by next week.
* Trott: let’s leave the tsc-agenda label on it for now until resolved.
* Discussed file description position mechanics
* Discussed ecosystem usage and how difficult this will be to measure, “we’ll find out”
* Briefly discussed Nikita’s Option 1 + warn suggestion, warn on non-zero offset fs.writeFile/readFile usage.
* Move further discussion back to GitHub

### Tracking issue for updating TSC on Board Meetings [#476](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/476)

* Myles not present

### Strategic Initiatives - Tracking Issue [#423](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/423)

OpenSSL (Rod): Getting close to 1.1.1 to land thanks to Sam Roberts, Shigeki, and others. Ironing out edge cases on the lesser used platforms. Getting close to a mergable state!

New Streams API (Jeremiah): Nothing significant to report. Next part requires reliance on the Streams WG and some members there are tied up. If there is someone with Streams 3 knowledge who wants to help build an adapter for that, please volunteer. See <https://github.com/Fishrock123/bob/issues/18>

V8 Currency (Michaël): Nothing to report this week.

Async Hooks (Ali): Performance hooks, moving to get rid of the destroy hook so we can expose Promises hooks and make things faster.

## Q&A, Other

* No questions

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
