# Node.js Foundation Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2018-01-10

## Links
* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=StjmGRclNi0
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/465
* **Minutes Google Doc**: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ShVcDk_-BzwIXOhoV0iECpjJZ53u6-GJrcEc7K1YMqI

## Present
* Anna Henningsen @addaleax (TSC)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Franziska Hinkelmann @fhinkel (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Evan Lucas @evanlucas (TSC)
* Jeremiah Senkpiel @Fishrock123 (TSC)
* Gibson Fahnestock @gibfahn (observer)
* James M Snell @jasnell (TSC)
* Joyee Cheung @joyeecheung (TSC)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Myles Borins @MylesBorins (TSC)
* Ali Ijaz Sheikh @ofrobots (TSC)
* Michaël Zasso @targos (TSC)
* Sakthipriyan Vairamani @thefourtheye (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)

## Agenda
### Announcements
* 8.9.4 out
* Planning for 10.X is out. Try to plan major changes before end of Feb as we'll cut
  10.x branch then.
* Release group is discussing creating a more concrete schedule for releases  


*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/TSC
* Mentorship initiative ramping up. [#443](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/443)
  * Just wanted to make sure everybody is aware
* Enterprise Advisory Group [#431](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/431)
  * James: Heads up at this point. Goal is to look at things happening core and provide
    feedback. TSC members to be invited as observers as opposed to members.
  * James: Goal is to bring in companies who have made significant contributions to Node.js
    and get them a channel for giving their input.
  * Franziska: who is responsible for receiving and acting on the feedback.
  * James: will attend as observer and will provide feedback, other TSC members are 
    free to participate as observer as well.
   * Franziska: should we clarify in the charter that there is no commitment on the TSC's part.
   * Rich: concern that there is a real focus on feedback to TSC, may be sending wrong signals
     about decision making (most decisions are not made by the TSC), and many of the TSC
     members were surprised as the minutes were written in a way that suggested that the TSC
     was being spoken for when most TSC members weren't aware of this initiative 
   * Fishrock: TLDR, important to make sure it is clarified in doc.
   * James: purely a channel for that group to indicate what things are a priority
   * Franziska: since its a CommComm initiative, how about less focus in the charter on the TSC
   * Agreed to take back to GitHub and discuss there.

* Strategic Initiatives - Tracking Issue [#423](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/423)
  * N-API
    * Making progress on satisfying criteria to exit experimental status.
      * Bcrypt ported and being used in production soon
      * weak-napi published as alternative to node-weak
      * Module used in dev-edge production site ported and working to have it be used in
        production there
      * Working with maintainer of node-pre-gyp to define/document how to use N-API modules
        with it.
    * Moderation
      * One user permanently banned for wiki vandalism.
      * Myles dealt with a spam-bot invasion on #node-dev IRC channel
      * One user's comment was moderated by a Collaborator, moderation group called into 
        advise. User was also emailed by a moderation team member. Conversation
        seems to have righted itself, and user is getting necessary help in the correct forum.
      * We've received two or so blank emails to the CoC reporting address.
    * Streams+
      * Fishrock: Ironing out some goals, more prototyping
      * Matteo: refactoring of readable module landed to address long-standing issue, please
         test/verify
    * http2, significant updates, hardening, want to have it out of experimental by 10
    * Modules: Not too much new since last update. Some investigation on module specifier.
      dynamic import landed on master, looking backport to 9. More in-depth update next week.
   * Workers: nothing new right now. 
   * Error Messages: James, progress being made, most on javascript land are complete.  A
     good number on that side.  Discuss on moving to javascript or not.  Goal is to have done
     in time for 10.x.  
   * Core Promise APIs - fs PR there, was waiting on some of the error checking. 
     waiting for those to land to push forward.  Goal is to take in progress label off. 
     Matteo has been working on using async generators with streams.
   * Async Hooks: Some help getting changes for Async hooks for Nan would be good.
   * V8 currency: Nothing new
   * TSC governance, Myles will be reviving this and initial focus may be on providing growth
    paths for contributors.  Refactoring on strategic initiatives to include .stakeholders.
 
* Document guidelines for accountability expectations for all members of the TSC and CommComm [#311](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/311)
  * Landed good doc as starting point.
  * Still need to update moderation policies. Have agreed that it is not the Moderation Team that will
    do that.
  * Values docs, have done a number of sessions, need to decide what we need to do 
    next.
  * Governance meeting will likely cover that. 

* Update GitHub Org Management Policy to reflect actual practice [#456](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/456)

### nodejs/admin
* Move `node-ment` repo into the Node.js Org [#35](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/35)
  * TSC will figure out how to make this happen
* GitHub Owner permissions [#33](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/33)
  * Will be pushing to get consensus on this within 1 week or less.

## Q&A, Other
* Some questions on feedback group, addressed earlier on
* Some positive kudos on keeping up the good work
* Ben interested in working in governance issues
* Questions about GitHub ownership, issue is in the admin repo.

## Upcoming Meetings
* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar
Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.

