# Node.js Foundation Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2018-02-28

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R2aZin_5tiY>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/496>
* **Minutes Google Doc**: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1KeSzAeHEeuevLSmDFhBE0XV8feicVEao1k8JGTBb0rg>

## Present

* Anna Henningsen @addaleax (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Evan Lucas @evanlucas (TSC)
* Gibson Fahnestock @gibfahn (TSC)
* Joyee Cheung @joyeecheung (TSC)
* James M Snell @jasnell (TSC)
* Jeremiah Senkpiel @Fishrock123 (TSC)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Myles Borins @MylesBorins (TSC)
* MichaÃ«l Zasso @targos (TSC)
* Rod Vagg @rvagg (TSC)
* Trevor Norris @trevnorris (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)
* Mark Hinkle @mrhinkle (observer)

## Agenda

### Announcements

No announcements.

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/node

* buffer: runtime-deprecate Buffer ctor by default[#15346](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/15346)
  * we had discussed privately if we wanted to move forward now or now.
    General agreement was that we were going to move forward.
    Rich: we should be getting the message out as quickly and as
    broadly as we can.
  * Rich: asked if it was ok to post the votes?
  * Michael Z: put something in the warning with suggestions as to
    what to do
  * Rich: good idea, try to craft some wording in the PR

### nodejs/TSC

* Node.js OpenSSL Strategy [#479](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/479)
  * Rod: outlined approach that is in the issue.
  * James, we should not delay, don't want to have a pattern...
  * Rod: he passed the plan by the OpenSSL team and they agreed it made
    sense.  They seem to have committed to ensuring ABI stability.
  * Myles: if they have committed to ABI stability, then we won.t
    necessarily have to wait.
  * Myles: risk of vulnerabilities?  Rod, TLS process has been
    quite rigorous in reviewing the algs so risk should be small.
  * Rod: believe we are in a better as opposed to worse position.
  * Tracking issue for updating TSC on Board Meetings
  * proposal also agrees to include existing job that tests 1.02
    dynamically linked.
  * Anna: question about supporting 2 versions, how is that going
    to work.
  * Rod: would like to stop, but distros are not going to stop so
    all we can do is educate people

* Foundation Update from Mark Hinkle
  * How can I help you?
    * Travel funding
    * Other resources like training conflict resolution training, Mediation team and beyond
    * What community facilitation would you like to see from Node.js Foundation as
      we staff these resources?
    * IRC cloud group license
  * Update on the board subcommittee
  * How our legal committee works
    * Foundation Legal Counsel - Andy Updegrove
    * Board Legal Committee

* Tracking issue for updating TSC on Board Meetings [#476](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/476)
  * no update at this point
  * upcoming meeting in a few weeks

* Strategic Initiatives - Tracking Issue [#423](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/423)
  * http2: progressing number of bugs being worked through, goal
    to get out of experimental for 10.0.0.
  * modules: 2nd meeting today (26 people), notes are up. Team
    not chartered, but many stakeholders some core some other.
    Question did come up as to what we should do for PRs that
    are landing in core.  Can team block? Don't have prior art on
    this. Team will open PR to discuss process so this is a heads
    up.
  * V8 currency: nothing to report
  * N-API: no update since last week (I've not had time to catch up).
    Still working to get out of experimental in 10.0.0.
  * OpenSSL evolution: covered in earlier discussion.
  * Error Messages: Making progress, Joyee pushing forward
  * Core Promise APIs: Landed fs, giving some time to settle
  * TSC Governance: nothing new
  * New stream APIs: minor progress on C++ prototyping
  * Async hooks: Not since last week.

## Q&A, Other
No questions this week.

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
