# Node.js Foundation Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2018-05-02

## Links

* **Recording**: <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X7CgROGtfwY>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/536>

## Present

* Daniel Bevenius @danbev (TSC)
* Franziska Hinkelmann @fhinkel (TSC)
* Joyee Cheung @joyeecheung (TSC)
* Ali Ijaz Sheikh @ofrobots (TSC)
* Rod Vagg @rvagg (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)

## Agenda

### nodejs/node

* doc: add documentation on porting from Buffer(arg) usage [#19827](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/19827)

Rich volunteered to try to get the draft document finished and posted.

* Tracking Issue for Runtime Deprecation of Buffer constructor [#19079](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/19079)

Rich: The big thing here for now is the previous issue we already talked about.
Rod: Any big fallout other than the TypeScript thing that got fixed pretty quickly?
Rich and Franziska: No major problems.

### nodejs/TSC

* Tracking issue for updating TSC on Board Meetings [#476](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/476)

Myles is not here so no updates.

* Strategic Initiatives - Tracking Issue [#423](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/423)

  * http2: James is not here.
  * modules: Myles is not here.
  * n-api: Michael is not here.
  * OpenSSL: Rod reports that we’re on track for May.
  * Workers: Anna is not here.
  * Error messages: Things are moving along.
  * Core promise APIs: James is not here.
  * TSC governance: Myles is not here.
  * Streams: Jeremiah is not here.
  * V8 Currency: Michaël is not here but everything is on track as far as we know.
  * Async hooks: Ali reports that they are trying to figure out how to get async_hooks out of
    experimental and that they are focusing on performance. There is a new
    [proposal](https://github.com/nodejs/diagnostics/issues/188) by the V8
    team to change promise hooks that would improve performance. PTAL and leave comments.

* [#389](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/389) Proposal: add all new core modules under a scope? (too late for http2)

Joyee: We added `fs/promises` which could result in a conflict with real world modules. This proposal was intended to prevent that. Do we need to move forward with this? Do we need to change `fs/promises`? (It is experimental but also not behind a flag.)

Rich: We need more voices (James, Myles...others probably).

Franzi: Ali and Matteo commented, but there does not appear to be consensus.

Ali: We need someone to do the work to introduce the namespace into our module loader. @devsnek was trying to work on it but it is non-trivial. People seem in favor, it’s just a matter of getting an implementation.

Joyee: Can we change the module ID after it lands in 10.0.0?

Rich: Probably not because it’s not behind a flag (though experimental). How much are we breaking in the ecosystem if we change it?

Ali: The longer we wait, the more will break. It’s best to make the change now if we’re going to make it.

Joyee: If a module being experimental means that we might change the module ID later, then we should make it clear when we release it so that people are aware. As long as people are aware, it should be fine.

Ali: This was an oversight. Let’s add the namespace. It would be best to make an exception for this one and not change it, but make sure we apply this policy going forward.

Rich: I’m inclined to take what’s been said here and put it in the issue tracker and get others, especially other TSC folks, to weigh in, and also to see if @devsnek is willing to move forward with an implementation at this time. And if not, let’s find out what they would need from us to do that.

Franzi: That’s a good proposal.

Joyee; Yup.

Rod: Didn’t they say in the issue that they didn’t want to move forward with it due to bikeshedding.

Franzi: Was that this issue or a different one? (It was this issue)

Joyee: If we don’t have a policy around this, we should make the decision that experimental modules could have their module IDs changed. Maybe in the future we can make them more consistent, but right now, there’s work to do to make the namespace happen. That could take awhile. But until then, we should make clear that it could change.

Rich: We probably need to discuss on this in the tracker. I’ll summarize and hopefully we can get more input. Also, let’s leave it on the agenda for next week in case it *doesn’t* move forward.

## Q&A, Other

No questions this week.
