# Node.js Foundation Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2018-02-07

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hJZzgGZBCXo 
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/484
* **Minutes Google Doc**: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1B6n6G53UxEn5Ulv7sEd3nw6pIC9sh9JDe5GlSBfzdEs/edit

## Present

* Anna Henningsen @addaleax (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Daniel Bevenius @danbev (TSC)
* Franziska Hinkelmann @fhinkel (TSC)
* James M Snell @jasnell (TSC)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Myles Borins @MylesBorins (TSC)
* Ali Ijaz Sheikh @ofrobots (TSC)
* MichaÃ«Zasso @targos (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)
* Ruben Bridgewater @BridgeAR(Observer)

## Agenda

### Announcements

There was no significant Moderation Team activity this week.
 
*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/node

* document asserts Weak(Map|Set) behavior #18248**
  * Discuss is taking place in https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/18227
  * good to have summary of discussion from PR in that issue.
  * Ruben to add summary and do mini-poll to gauge general TSC direction on this.
  * Anna, because the answer depends on gc, it is always valid to return false. We already
    do some special handling so consistent
  * Ruben, in DeepStrictEqual we are trying to compare in best way.
  * Push discuss back to GitHub in 18227.

* src: don't abort when package.json is a directory 

[#18270](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/18270)
* src: delete proccess.env values set to undefined 

[#18158](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/18158)
* esm: provide named exports for all builtin libraries 

[#18131](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/18131)
* James added to agenda due to being controversial
* Comes down to figuring out how we handle a few things, how to handle deprecation
  of named exports.  In ESM, things which are getters all end up getting used when
  module is built even if caller does not use them, or it not available at all.
* Need more discussion, remove tag from agenda until these issues are figured out.

* Fix typos in the 9.2.0 changelog. [#17062](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/17062)
  * Rich: We have done this in the past.
  * Myles: I believe we have done it for notable changes, not this sort of case.
  * Rich: Let's ask the Release working group to make a recommendation/decision.

### nodejs/TSC

* Strategic Initiatives - Tracking Issue [#423](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/423)
  * N-API - PR submitted for node-pre-gyp 
  * V8 currency: Nothing new
[345](https://github.com/mapbox/node-pre-gyp/pull/345)
  * Looking to get N-API module into devedge production
  * Plan to put forward recommendation to move out of experimental soon.
* Http2 - James made a call for people to test so we can get out of experimental


### nodejs/node-v8

* Upcoming changes to GYP [#38](https://github.com/nodejs/node-v8/issues/38)
  * For TSC awareness, removing from agenda.

### nodejs/Release

* discuss upcoming LTS releases and issues with v8.x
  * fallen behind on semver minors into 8.x due to vacations/sicknesses etc.
  * one being openssl 1.1, infra has been flakier lately so taking more time.
  * updating V8 to 6.2, but every time they try finding edge cases.
  * different options, delay semver minor, punt semver minors to a later quarter
  * LTS team is having a hard time to keep up (larger issue)
  * Matteo, minor, then do another minor.

## Q&A, Other
No questions for this week.  

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.


