# Node.js Foundation Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2018-06-20

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TyrpGr_9NQc>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/553>

## Present

* Anna Henningsen @addaleax (TSC)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Franziska Hinkelmann @fhinkel (TSC)
* Jeremiah Senkpiel @Fishrock123 (TSC)
* Joyee Cheung @joyeecheung (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Myles Borins @MylesBorins (TSC)
* Ali Ijaz Sheikh @ofrobots (TSC)
* Sakthipriyan Vairamani @thefourtheye (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* No announcements this week.

### nodejs/build

* Request for elevated permissions [#1337](https://github.com/nodejs/build/issues/1337)
  * Joyee: request to give Jon/Rafael admin access to build infra.  Currently 5 people
    with this level of access but they are not predictably around.  Jon/Rafael are handling
    most of the day-to-day requests. Ex github bot was down and they had to wait over the
    weekend to bring the bot back.  Rod raised concern about how we give access in
    general as there is potential serious impact to the project.  One suggestion was
    to ask foundation to set up legal framework (but that could take a while).  Right now
    we need more people who are active, even during weekends.
  * Franziska, Rod raised a number of valid points. Rich volunteered to co-ord meeting
    where Rod can be involved and those interested can attend
  * Myles, mentioned issue of bondability that comes with employee sponsored people
  * Myles, can we break up so that something less than full access is required
  * Joyee, Rafael is working on scripted tasks that people would trigger on machines, that
    might help.
  * Joyee, discuss in next build WG and come up with specific requests.
  * Franziska, anybody else who would like to be involved in discussion, please let Rich know so
    you can be invited to the meeting

### nodejs/node

* src: remove TimerWrap [#20894](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/20894)
  * Jeremiah is -1, 2nd PR. Because of this one and the previous one hard to debug
    timers as they no longer show up.
  * Anna, PR to make process active handles public, add timers to this?
  * Jeremiah, looking at a request to revert the earlier PR.
  * Anna, changes are already semver major so you would have time
  * Jeremiah, API has been around a long time, and still the only way to do it.
  * Anna, don’t think we’ve done pre-announce for internals
  * Jeremiah, we have done deprecations for internals before
  * Franziska, can Jeremiah or somebody else from the main consumer help?
  * Jeremiah will try to document the contract.
  * Franziska is it reasonable to wait for Jeremiah to document
  * Michael, Chalker can you run the tool to look for ecosystem usage?
  * Chalker will do that.
  * Anna, 21102 is PR to make active handles public: <https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/21102>
  * Leave on agenda for next week.

* process: add allowedEnvironmentNodeFlags property [#19335](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/19335)
  * Discussion/work ongoing in github issue, leave on agenda until next week.

### nodejs/TSC

* Tracking issue for updating TSC on Board Meetings [#476](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/476)
  * Myles: next board meeting is next Monday, nothing on the agenda for that
  * Myles: anything to be added for discussion?

* Strategic Initiatives - Tracking Issue [#423](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/423)
  * Modules, - WG meeting later today, further into discussion on transparent interop.  Putting
    together different combinations of features and discussing timelines.
  * N-API - still focussed on doc for node-addon-api and prep for Workshop/talks at Node
    Summit.
  * Workers - nothing exciting to report this week. Moving forward.
  * Error messages - bulk of remaining ones are in crypto, planning to work on them soon.
  * Streams API - no updates
  * Async hooks - nothing major to report. PR open which may be blocked:
    <https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/21313>
  * npm integration - nothing actionable yet
  * open web standards - Gus is going to next TC39 meeting, some good discussion about
    Node.js involvement in WHATWG.

* Proposal: add all new core modules under a scope? (too late for http2) [#389](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/389)
  * no updates on issue since last week.  Posted reminder to TSC members to review/comment.

## Q&A, Other

* No questions this week.

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
