# Node.js Foundation Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2018-05-09

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FGlchJAU5UI>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/538>

## Present

* Anna Henningsen @addaleax (TSC)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Daniel Bevenius @danbev (TSC)
* Franziska Hinkelmann @fhinkel (TSC)
* James M Snell @jasnell (TSC)
* Joyee Cheung @joyeecheung (TSC)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Michaël Zasso @targos (TSC)
* Sakthipriyan Vairamani @thefourtheye (TSC)
* Timothy Gu @TimothyGu (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* TSC Director - Myles re-elected as Director.
* TSC Chair - Vote ongoing, closes Monday May 14.
* James - Good conversation with Microsoft team, need for work on installers and on libuv.

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/node

* fs: drop duplicate API in promises mode [#20559](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/20559)
  * FYI, no opposition should just move forward

* doc: add documentation on porting from Buffer(arg) usage [#19827](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/19827)
  * Rich cannot make it, will update offline

* Tracking Issue for Runtime Deprecation of Buffer constructor [#19079](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/19079)
  * Rich cannot make it, will update offline

### nodejs/TSC

* Tracking issue for updating TSC on Board Meetings [#476](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/476)
  * skip since Myles could not make the meeting

* Strategic Initiatives - Tracking Issue [#423](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/423)
  * N-API
    * Versions now out for 6.X, 8.X, 10.X and master (8.x needs an update to be up to date with the rest).
    * New version of node-addon-api published.
    * Focus is on adding doc for node-addon-api.
  * http2
    * Still making progress, trying to let it stabilize.
    * May be updates to some of the error handling.
  * Workers
    * Slowly moving onward, waiting for a couple of PRs to land which lay the groundwork
      for both workers and other aspects like embedding.
  * Error Messages
    * Moving onward, nothing specific to report this week.
  * Core Promise APIs
    * Making progress, limiting to `fs` for now to figure out pattern and how to expose, not creating
      others until it settles.
  * New Streams APIs
    * Making some progress, getting pretty close to wanting to bring repo where the work is being
      done into Node.js org.
  * V8 currency
    * Last blocking issue for 6.7 upgrade being fixed upstream thanks to @mmarchini. It was again
      a problem related to us supporting an old Clang version. Issue was opened suggesting we
      upgrade the Clang version required to build node: <https://github.com/nodejs/build/issues/1264>
  * Async Hooks
    * Nearform team spent some time with google team pretty thoroughly and identified a number
      of performance bottlenecks. Matteo will open a PR that improves performance but requires
      an API change (was able to keep it from being breaking).
  * Trace Events
    * Ali working on enabling trace events support in inspector protocol as a way to get
      at the trace events
    * James working on intrinsic to for fast trace events from JavaScript. It is a PR that
      updates V8 but is against our repo for now to experiment.

* Proposal: add all new core modules under a scope? (too late for http2) [#389](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/389)
  * “module ids can change while the module is experimental” - do we agree on this?
  * Should we rename asap?
  * We have moved the promises API back to fs so not as critical, but still needs to be
    revisited.

## Q&A, Other

* No questions this week.

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
