# Node.js Foundation Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2018-08-22

## Links

* **Recording**:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1f69vc69AkI
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/587

## Present

* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Daniel Bevenius @danbev (TSC)
* Franziska Hinkelmann @fhinkel (TSC)
* Joyee Cheung @joyeecheung (TSC)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (TSC)
* Michaël Zasso @targos (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)
* Gabriel Schulhof (Observer)

## Agenda

### Announcements

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/node

* stream-whatwg: add whatwg streams [#22352](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/22352)
  * Jeremiah proposed to defer to next meeting so he has time to comment in the issue.

* \[WIP\] fs: feature detection for recursive mkdir\[Sync\] [#22302](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/22302)
  * We added the ability to create directories recursively.  Landed as an option to an
    existing method.  Due to that, it is not easy to detect.
  * Myles proposed symbol, but don’t have consensus yet. Other option being discussed
    is to use a new method.
  * Myles, tagged so that we can discuss the general concept as a pattern.
  * Let’s take back GitHub and discuss next week if necessary when Myles is here.

* process: add resolveSwallowed event [#22218](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/22218)
  * 2 alternate PRs, very close but not reaching consensus.
  * Defer to next week and  @devsnek and @BridgeAR.
  * Rich will act as champion to gather data and bring summary/recommendations back to TSC.

* util: expose promise events [#21857](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/21857)
  * Same issue as [#22218](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/22218).

* Password Hashing API [#21766](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/21766)
  * Chalker, no updates defer to next week.

* tty: make \_read throw ERR_TTY_WRITABLE_NOT_READABLE [#21654](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/21654)
  * Reached consensus to proceed with PR.
  * Issue was opened on libuv, but no fast progress.
  * Matteo will land this and we will revert if libuv updates or we get the required
    feature in time (which is unlikely).
  * Michael Zasso: can we land as semver patch? Matteo will open issue
    to get agreement to do that as technically it is SemVer major.

* buffer: runtime-deprecate Buffer constructor everywhere by default [#21351](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/21351)
  * Leave this week for discussion, but schedule vote for next week.

### nodejs/TSC

* update charter [#569](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/569)
  * Rich added, would like to defer for a couple of weeks.

* Tracking issue for updating TSC on Board Meetings [#476](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/476)
  * Skip, Myles not here.

* Strategic Initiatives - Tracking Issue [#423](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/423)
  * N-API still focussing on docs almost done there planning out next milestone, focus on tests and
    a few tests and evangelization.
  * No other updates.

## Q&A, Other
* Question: does Facebook hire Node.js developers?
  * We don’t know


## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
