# Node.js Foundation Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2018-08-29

## Links

* **Recording**: <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zfqdJKHUcCM>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1sGHdNAQnFPwny4YTDr0kZYJDer2-L0NXGKJXIxSVhLM/edit>

## Present

* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Daniel Bevenius @danbev (TSC)
* Franziska Hinkelmann @fhinkel (TSC)
* Jeremiah Senkpiel @Fishrock123 (TSC)
* James M Snell @jasnell (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Sakthipriyan Vairamani @thefourtheye (TSC)
* Timothy Gu @TimothyGu (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

\*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* JS Interactive & Node Community Corner - short update [#211](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/211)
  * Quick update from Tracy/Greg/Laura

### nodejs/node

* stream-whatwg: add whatwg streams [#22352](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/22352)
  * Matteo asked that his be delayed as there is discussion in the issue
  * We agreed to remove from agenda and it can be added back if there is a reason later.

* \[WIP] fs: feature detection for recursive mkdir\[Sync] [#22302](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/22302)
  * Need a more general conversation needed about feature detection
  * Added to agenda to queue up discussion
  * Cannot land until a decision was made
  * Rich => separate issue of have discussion in issue
  * James -> recommend separate issue and then meeting if
  * Rich volunteered to create separate issue.  Maybe Myles can be champion

* process: add resolveSwallowed event [#22218](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/22218)
  * Edit fhinkel: Not on the agenda anymore. Please have a look and decide between the approach in #22218 and #21857

* Password Hashing API [#21766](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/21766)
  * — no updates , but I hope to have by next week.

* buffer: runtime-deprecate Buffer constructor everywhere by default
  [#21351](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/21351)
  * Chalker filed nodejs/node#22584, would appreciate comments there.

* util: expose promise events [#21857](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/21857)
  * Related to 22218
  * Both implementations are similar
  * Question is Distilled down to
    * Should Node.js try to be as useful as possible or ask people to opt out
      or should it be as configurable as possible and opt out of features
  * Rich, delegate to diagnostics wg?
  * James, we need to figure out what we want to support over time
  * James would like to suggest we schedule a call to resolve. Need to invite those
    involved in the 2 issues as well.
  * Discuss will need some facilitation.
  * Rich involved Diagnostics WG?
  * Michael depends on which question, specific answer for this case or the general case all
    Node options
  * Rich, should focus on broader issue. Will open separate issue to answer broader question
    plan to have as part of next meeting.  Will remove the TSC agenda on the 2 others and
    add to that one.

### nodejs/TSC

* update charter [#569](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/569)
  * Rich before sending to board would like unanimity.  Right now we have 13/18
  * This fundamentally changes the way management of the github org happens
  * Authority for github org would now be shared
  * Right now it reflects that what occurs effectively, but TSC would still have option
    change, where as afterwards it would be harder to change.
  * James will add a comment as to what he’d like to see before it lands
  * Rich will email to ask for rest of members to approve

* Tracking issue for updating TSC on Board Meetings [#476](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/476)
  * We don’t have Myles so skippinmg

* Strategic Initiatives - Tracking Issue [#423](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/423)
  * http2 - Graduation from experimental in master, not stable in release but should come soon
    in 10.x, plan to also back port to 8.x so will take a bit longer
  * N-API - Next milestone focussed on testing/evangilization
  * Core promise APIs - waiting for feedback on existing ones, after 11 may pick up activity a bit
    more
  * New Stream APIs - using experimental minimal pull streams,
    [minimal socket](https://github.com/Fishrock123/socket). Also ongoing
    discussion on WhatWG streams

* James process to internal bindings
  * lots of progress many PRs, current fall through. Will need deprecation process and along
    with that we’ll need discussion of new APIs. Please follow tracking issue to keep up
    <https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/22160>

### nodejs/admin

* No questions this week.

## Q\&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
