# Node.js Foundation Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2018-02-21

## Links

* **Recording**:  <http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KhM2MLcChOQ>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/494>
* **Minutes Google Doc**: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1TCUadaWiq8jTC4hHK1-c_OekF9OzCJVTXqIrVwLv0rc/edit>

## Present

* Anna Henningsen @addaleax (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Evan Lucas @evanlucas (TSC)
* Evan Lucas @evanlucas (TSC)
* Franziska Hinkelmann @fhinkel (TSC)
* Jeremiah Senkpiel @Fishrock123 (TSC)
* Joyee Cheung @joyeecheung (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Myles Borins @MylesBorins (TSC)
* Sakthipriyan Vairamani @thefourtheye (TSC)
* MichaëZasso @targos (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/node

* src: delete process.env values set to undefined [#18158](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/18158)
  * We agreed to defer until next week.  People have been commenting on GitHub so still
    progress there.

### nodejs/TSC

* Tracking issue for updating TSC on Board Meetings [#476](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/476)
  * Deferred until next week to co-inside with Foundation update from Mark H.
* Strategic Initiatives - Tracking Issue [#423](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/423)
  * We had updates on:
    * Modules
    * N-API
    * TSC Governance
    * New Stream APIs
    * V8 Currency
    * Workers

## Q&A, Other
No questions this week.

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
