# Node.js Foundation Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2018-12-19

## Links

* **Recording**:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sbn8fbvcBhU
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/641

## Present

* Anna Henningsen @addaleax (TSC)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Daniel Bevenius @danbev (TSC)
* Franziska Hinkelmann @fhinkel (TSC)
* Gabriel Schulhof @gabrielschulhof (TSC)
* James M Snell @jasnell (TSC)
* Jeremiah Senkpiel @Fishrock123 (TSC)
* Joyee Cheung @joyeecheung (TSC)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Myles Borins @MylesBorins (TSC)
* Rod Vagg @rvagg (TSC)
* Ali Ijaz Sheikh @ofrobots (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* No announcements this week.
 
*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/node

* Fixing child_process module to check values passed strictly to the options object [#24267](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/24267)
  * Liran gave a good overview
  * We had discussion that it only plugs one small part of the ways similar attacks could take
    place.
  * The net of the discussion is that the TSC does not believe that the PR should land as
    the Node.js security model does not protect against these kinds of attacks and changing that 
    in one small way while leaving the other unchanged does not add enough value to outweigh 
    the risk of breaking existing code or setting a precedent for many similar changes.

* lib: hide lots of internal properties [#23126](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/23126)
  * Added to the TSC, Anna believes it was for awareness.
  * Was raised in the meeting, some discussion. Gabriel also mentioned performance might be
    an issue as well, question about whether it is in any performance critical flows. 
  * Anna, mostly around object construction, might but most likely not going to be a perf issue
  * Discussion has been around other issues as to why not to do it.
  * At this point it was agreed to push discussion back to github, removing TSC agenda tag
    until it is re-added with a specific question.

* zlib: add Brotli support [24938](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/24938)
  * Anna, do we need a vote at this point?
  * Rod, what is the objection?  
  * Anna, objection is that it is adding functionality which is not from zLib
  * Myles, intention would likely be once we have namespaces to move to a name like
    compression as an alias.
  * Rod do we believe we are short circuiting the process or have we reached the natural end
    to the consensus seeking process.  
  * Myles, one option might be to put a timeline that says something like “if not resolved by
    start of Jan then TSC is ok with it landing”.
  * Rod, we need to be careful that we don’t rush.  
  * Myles, bring Brian into meeting to discuss ?
  * Invite to first meeting 
  * Agreement was to reflect current consensus from TSC (which is ok to land as is) but to ask if 
    Brian has additional input he’d like to add to the issue or if he would like to come to a
    discussion in the TSC meeting on Jan 2nd.

### nodejs/nodejs.org

* Re-enstate link to NiM in debug documentation. [#1923](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.org/issues/1923)
  * Gabriel, we have had link to specific plugin, but it was removed due to concerns about
    data gathering. Do we want want to add it back in.
  * Nikita, propose to move back to github as discussion has still be going on there. If discussion
    stalls out then we can come back to it.
  * Myles, we should possibly just not be promoting 3rd party technology under the org
  * Myles, here as author did not see enough progress from website org.
  * Anna, comment in IRC that last time we said move it and wait.
  * Rod we should delegate to the website team, and only get involved if they ask for help.
  * Consensus was that it is not the time to escalate to TSC and let website team lead the
    discussion, reach a discussion.

### nodejs/TSC

* Tracking issue for updating TSC on Board Meetings [#476](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/476)
  * Skipped due to lack of time.
* Strategic Initiatives - Tracking Issue [#423](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/423)
  * Skipped due to lack of time.
### nodejs/community-committee

* Design Presentation: Node.js Website Design Direction Proposal [#433](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/433)
  * Michael failed to line up Adam for this week, will try to do that for Jan 2nd meeting.

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.


