# Node.js Foundation Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2018-08-01

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a_0EgpBIA4I>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/576>

## Present

* Anna Henningsen @addaleax (TSC)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Franziska Hinkelmann @fhinkel (TSC)
* Joyee Cheung @joyeecheung (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Michaël Zasso @targos (TSC)
* Myles Borins @MylesBorins (TSC)
* Rod Vagg @rvagg (TSC)
* Sakthipriyan Vairamani @thefourtheye (TSC)
* Timothy Gu @TimothyGu (TSC)
* Anatoli Papirovski @apapirovski (Observer)

## Agenda

### Announcements

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* readable-stream@3 is coming out soon, check it out with `npm i readable-stream@next` and provide feedback opening issues at <https://github.com/nodejs/readable-stream>

### nodejs/build

* Request for elevated permissions [#1337](https://github.com/nodejs/build/issues/1337)
  * Rod will send out email with update, nothing to discuss this week in meeting.

### nodejs/node

* Collaborator nomination - gdams [#21934](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/21934)
  * Welcome, thanks for joining.

* Password Hashing API [#21766](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/21766)
  * TSC  members to review proposal and if no objections by tonight, @Chalker will submit PR

* tty: make _read throw ERR_TTY_WRITABLE_NOT_READABLE [#21654](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/21654)
  * Rod - Can we defer to libuv and streams? Let’s
  * Anna we need libuv team to comment on whether they are going to fix the issue as that
    will affect what node needs to do.

* doc: remove 2 unused error codes from errors.md [#21491](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/21491)
  * discussed, now ready to land.

* \[v10.x\] Revert "http: always emit close on req and res" [#21809](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/21809)
  * Discuss, consensus was it should land, more TSC members approved.

### nodejs/docker-node

* Image without npm nor yarn [#404](https://github.com/nodejs/docker-node/issues/404)
  * Please comment on <https://github.com/nodejs/Release/issues/341>

### nodejs/TSC

* Move meetings times to 12,16,21 [#570](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/570)
  * Any objections to the new timeslot ?
  * No, Michael will update the calendar.

* Proposal: add all new core modules under a scope? (too late for http2) [#389](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/389)
  * request for vote in the issue
  * Myles, don’t think we have something concrete enough to vote on
  * Rod, soft objections, not necessarily good to make it easier to add modules to core
    but sees case for promises.
  * Myles, scope is still the right thing to do.
  * Rod, still comes back to discussion around small core/shared values

### Recurring Agenda Items

* Tracking issue for updating TSC on Board Meetings [#476](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/476)
  * July off month for meeting, but collecting items for next meeting.

* Strategic Initiatives - Tracking Issue [#423](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/423)
  * Modules moving slowly but surely

  * N-API
    * Good Evangelism at Node Summit
    * Continued focus on doc/testing for node-addon-api
    * Discussion on stability for libuv - <https://github.com/libuv/libuv/issues/1931>

  * Error messages
    * no updates

  * Governance
    * Rod to become champion

  * New Stream APIs
    * zlib transform now up as a standalone module on npm: <https://github.com/fishrock123/zlib-transform>
    * some exploration of alternate API options, particularly in using async iterators/generators, but this did not go as well as anticipated (requires double yielding).

  * V8 Currently
    * Some issues with the latest update, osx makefile flakiness, may need to back out
      Temporarily
    * PR open for V8 6.9. Please help with FreeBSD and SmartOS issues if you can!

  * Open web standards
    * Open issue about TC39 and ECMA and getting involved.  Myles is having some discussions
      To see if we can figure out political side of things.

## Q&A, Other

* No questions this week.

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
