# Node.js Foundation Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2018-05-23

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5W1o9iHvJGM
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/544

## Present
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Franziska Hinkelmann @fhinkel (TSC)
* James M Snell @jasnell (TSC)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Rod Vagg @rvagg (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)


## Agenda

### Announcements

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.*

### nodejs/node

* Nominating jdalton as collaborator [#20828](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/20828)
* doc: update the notable changes in 10.x [#20316](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/20316)
* doc: add documentation on porting from Buffer(arg) usage [#19827](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/19827)
* Tracking Issue for Runtime Deprecation of Buffer constructor [#19079](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/19079)


### nodejs/TSC

* Tracking issue for updating TSC on Board Meetings [#476](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/476)
* Strategic Initiatives - Tracking Issue [#423](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/423)


## Nominating jdalton as collaborator [#20828](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/20828)

:thumbsup: welcome jdd!

## doc: update the notable changes in 10.x [#20316](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/20316)

* James: prefer not to be changing these after the fact unless they are incorrect, but after talking
  it through—as long as the changes are made to both the release branch and the blog post as
  well then I’m fine with it.

* No remaining blockers to moving forward.

## doc: add documentation on porting from Buffer(arg) usage [#19827](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/19827)

* No updates on this issue

* Rich: I volunteered to move forward with this but haven’t taken any action yet, so it’s on me

## Tracking Issue for Runtime Deprecation of Buffer constructor [#19079](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/19079)

* Rich: needs the guide to be written, that’s being worked on by various people including Nikita and I think Anna
* Franziska: can we get the initial phase done by Friday and I’ll take it over from there to get it published?
* Rich: yes

## Tracking issue for updating TSC on Board Meetings [#476](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/476)

* Myles not present, no updates available today

## Strategic Initiatives - Tracking Issue [#423](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/423)
* Http2:
  * James: still progressing, finding small bugs, hoping to have it out of experimental by 10 LTS
  * Rich: shout-out to Anatoli for fixing a major bug
* Modules: skipped
* N-API
  * Still working on documentation for node-addon-api, there are a number of open PRs.
  * Working on policy for adding new APIs and treating them as experimental for some period
    of time.
* OpenSSL: Rod still pending doc updates, 1.1.1 still not released, date has been pushed out, now last beta listed is 19th of July
 * Workers: https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/20876
  * Anna submitted initial PR, please take a look.
  * James: need to resolve the namespace, there was some controversy re “workers”, we need
    to resolve this, similar to “fs/promises”, we keep kicking this issue down the road
  * Michael: there’s another namespace question lingering, so we need to resolve all of this so
    we can move forward.
* Error Messages:
  * James: been progressing very nicely, no news available (Joyee not present)
* Core promises:
  * James: letting fs/promises continue to bake, there have been improvements in test coverage,
    holding off on further promisification of core APIs until after we see adoption of fs/promises
* TSC Governance: Myles not present
* New Streams API:
  * Matteo: not much progress, some discussion on exit criteria for async iterators
    https://github.com/nodejs/readable-stream/issues/333
* V8 currency: Targos not here
* Async Hooks:
  * Matteo: big bug in Async Hooks introduced by optimization of async/await broke Async
    Hooks with async/await, manual backport of V8 fix to 6.7, struggled with 6.6 backport, better
    to update to 6.7 https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/19989/commits/2473cab8e2047fe08745d5ae8eed20a4f81a11dc, see https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/20516.

## Q&A, Other

* Question from Ryzokuken in YouTube regarding cloaking in the Freenode IRC channel.
  agreed that this is a CommComm issue, punting to them.

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
