# Node.js Foundation Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2018-09-12

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=siKVqDPUz64 
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/597

## Present

* Anna Henningsen @addaleax (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Franziska Hinkelmann @fhinkel (TSC)
* Gabriel Schulhof @gabrielschulhof (Observer)
* Joyee Cheung @joyeecheung (TSC)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Myles Borins @MylesBorins (TSC)
* Rod Vagg @rvagg (TSC)
* Michaël Zasso @targos (TSC)
* Sakthipriyan Vairamani @thefourtheye (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements
 
* Agenda for the summit has been published. Day 1 - Oct 12 at 1pm after the summit.  Day 2 full 
  day, breakfast starts at 8. 

* Node+JS Interactive update
  * For community corner, would like more diverse representation, would like
    suggestions for any talks/sessions by under-represented groups.
  * Telus and Netflix are volunteering to sponsor lunch during the collaborator summit.
  * Will be sending out volunteer sheet for Node office hours
  * Joyee recommend Hack session open to all collaborators, that will be included in community
    corner
  * Code and learn, about 300 people who will be attending. If you are at the conference please
    come and mentor.

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.*

### nodejs/TSC

* Nominating @gabrielschulhof to the TSC [#578](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/578)
  * Vote, held we had enough people present/yes votes - Welcome Gabriel

### nodejs/node

* opt-out or opt-in for warnings etc. [#22587](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/22587)
  * Discussed that we should close as it will need to be decided on a case by case basis. No
    objections so will do that.

* how to do feature detection [#22585](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/22585)
  * Related -> process: add resolveSwallowed event [#22218](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/22218)
  * last time Rich volunteered try to round up input
  * In progress, push to next week

* \[WiP\] buffer: runtime-deprecate buffer constructor in sync mode [#22584](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/22584)
* buffer: runtime-deprecate Buffer constructor everywhere by default [#21351](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/21351)
  * Gabriel making progress on filing PR’s , need to update the ones that he has done.
  * Anna, Chalker is only one advocating, so we should push to next week.

* Password Hashing API [#21766](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/21766)
  * Chalker is only one advocating and not clear what the questions is.
  * Ask in issue for a specific question and remove from agenda for now.

### nodejs/TSC

* Tracking issue for updating TSC on Board Meetings [#476](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/476)
  * Marketing and communication updates, for Node+JSInteractive with registration info
    * T-shirt design contest. 
  * Next board meeting running concurrently after Node+JSInteractive
  * Tracy - one thing about community corner, would like more diverse representation, would like
    suggestions for any talks/sessions by under-represented groups.

* Strategic Initiatives - Tracking Issue [#423](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/423)
  * Modules
    * Developer survey being developed, testing out content. Hope to present at developer
      summit or Code and Learn
  * New fork to do patching on ES modules itself to work on defining minimal kernel that
    does not preclude larger feature set, may have identified some pull requests to send back
    Core

  * N-API - focus on testing for node-addon-api, evangilism, and Async worker pattern.

  * OpenSSL Evolution  
    * 1.1.1 was released last week. Means we should be able to land before 10.x goes LTS.
      Shigeki is starting to work on pulling it in. Looks like potential breaking change but should
      be able to work through. Supporting TLS 1.3 may be more problematic though. That might
      Mean that TLS 1.3 may not be available in Node until 11.x.  
      https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/18770 is the issue to look at.
  
  * Workers, nothing to report maybe next week
  
  * Error messages,nothing to report maybe next week

  * Governance, tdb by Adam on the agenda.  Myles will reach out to him to see if he can
    collaborate on that sesion.

  * V8 Currency
    * Master branch now on v8 6.9.  
    * Pull request open for 7.0, few small issues to be fixed (22754)
    * Bigger issues with current canary branch, impossible to build due to changes in gn file
      which need to be ported to gyp.  
    * Targos open an issue to ask for help in doing the ports and ping some people from the v8
      team. Not the first time, last time Ben N, helped out.

  * Open Web standards
     * Spun up repo, some people nominated to the team, discussing how to engage and get
       started.  https://github.com/nodejs/open-standards/

## Q&A, Other

* No questions this week.

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.


