# Node.js Foundation Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2018-06-06

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tul5kDMcOHE
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/549

## Present

* Anna Henningsen @addaleax (TSC)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Daniel Bevenius @danbev (TSC)
* Franziska Hinkelmann @fhinkel (TSC)
* Jeremiah Senkpiel @Fishrock123 (TSC)
* James Snell @jasnell (TSC)
* Joyee Cheung @joyeecheung (TSC)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Ali Sheikh @ofrobots (TSC)
* Rod Vagg @rvagg (TSC)
* Michaël Zasso @targos (TSC)
* Sakthipriyan Vairamani @thefourtheye (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)

* Bradley Farias @bmeck (GoDaddy, guest)
* Ruben Bridgewater @BridgeAR (nearForm, gueset)
* Jordan Harband @ljharb (Airbnb, guest)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Proposal to fold post-mortem WG into Diagnostics WG https://github.com/nodejs/post-mortem/issues/48
* Security release next week (on or around June 12)
* Call for proposals for NodeConf EU closes next Friday
* Version 10.4.0 of Node.js coming which fixes async-hooks issue

### nodejs/node

* worker: initial implementation [#20876](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/20876)
  * Can we merge with existing non-namespaced scope.
  * Rich, objects only if opposed to changing it later.
  * James, how about exposing temporarily through util
  * No objection to landing

* util: recover from maximum call stack size [#20725](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/20725)
  * Ruben, gave quick overview
  * We need a vote
  * Rich proposing a vote
  * Vote results:
    * Yes (9): @mcollina @jasnell @targos @danbev @addaleax @mhdawson @Fishrock123 @thefourtheye @ofrobots
    * No (0):
    * Abstain (5): @ChALkeR @cjihrig @Trott @rvagg @fhinkel
  * Rich will post in the issue that the PR can land

### nodejs/TSC

* Proposal: add all new core modules under a scope? (too late for http2) [#389](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/389)
  * Came up when http2 was imminent, broke one of the modules (resolve) he maintains that was
    dependant on knowing if a module is core or not.
  * First thing to be decided, do we need to namespace somehow
  * Separate question is how should we do that
  * If we overlap with npm, we can pick a scope that node owns.  Allows polyfillability and overrides.
  * The other option is something that cannot exist on the file system, but then that cannot be poyfilled
    which may cause problems when we get to ES modules.
  * ljharb -> preference is npm namespace
  * James -> lets answer question 1
  * Bradley -> TC39 has similar problem they are discussing. Nothing around reserving based on
    protocol, some recent discussion on using npm namespace.  If we take up protocol then
    Becomes a snowflake
  * ljharb, quite likely that it will take a long long time for progress on the TSC39 front and we should
    not wait for that.
  * Matteo, one thing that does not work with npm scope, potential confusion with moving existing
    modules.
  * Bradley, consistency should be valued so all modules are imported with similar syntax.
  * Rich -> Can we conclude “Do we want to namespace”, any objections.  Seems we don’t
    have consensus.  Next is vote in issue, to be added by Rich after pro/con doc is put together.
  * Anna -> not a fan, but probably not worth the energy fighting.  People will likely still believe
    they can import without namespace.

* Tracking issue for updating TSC on Board Meetings [#476](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/476)
  * Skipped as we did not have enough time
* Strategic Initiatives - Tracking Issue [#423](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/423)
  * Skipped as we did not have enough time

## Q&A, Other
* No questions this week.

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
