# Node.js Foundation Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2018-04-11


## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GA2IHHFPRhs
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/518
* **Minutes Google Doc**: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vLEQszZq9IfVqbT7K7QD17OC4jXAYchcT7MXI2Ck3es

## Present


* Franziska Hinkelmann @fhinkel (TSC)
* Gibson Fahnestock @gibfahn (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)
* Rod Vagg @rvagg (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* Michael -> May is election month for TSC Chair and TSC Director. Proposed schedule:
  * open nominations the week of April 16th
  * Open vote May 1
  * Close vote May 15

* Rich -> Evan Lucas has moved himself to emeritus.  Thanks for all of the hard work
  and contribution while you were a member.

### nodejs/node

* doc: add documentation on porting from Buffer(arg) usage [#19827](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/19827)
  * Request for people to comment and review.
* Tracking Issue for Runtime Deprecation of Buffer constructor [#19079](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/19079).
  * Rich has created a stub, discovered that Anna had already created more detailed one. @Trott
    will edit/push forward.
  * Runtime deprecation on master landed.

### nodejs/TSC

* Tracking issue for updating TSC on Board Meetings [#476](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/476)
  * no board update this week.

* Strategic Initiatives - Tracking Issue [#423](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/423)
  * N-API - backports in progress for 8.x and 6.x.  6.x to start out as experimental.

  * V8 currency - V8 6.6 landed today on master. Waiting for a patch from the V8 team to make it compatible with upcoming V8 6.7.
  * OpenSSL - Has not had time to update doc on current status yet.
    * 1.1.0 now in master, and in latest 10.X test release
    * Does not have 1.0.2 compatibility but we can add that later if people complain and
        people show up to do the work
    * Current plan, go out only with 1.1.0
    * ASM support is awkward due to new toolchain reqs, particularly on windows to
    * get assembly but at compile time. Proposed to have flag in vcbuild and configure,
    * If you don’t have right tools you need to opt in so you don’t just get no assembly
      version without knowing about it.
    * Since bundlers don’t ship new versions, less important for the 1.0.2 support.

## Q&A, Other

* No questions this week

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
