# Node.js Foundation Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2018-06-27

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lyb7ELXs-gM
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/554

## Present

* Anna Henningsen @addaleax (TSC)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Daniel Bevenius @danbev (TSC)
* Jeremiah Senkpiel @Fishrock123 (TSC)
* Joyee Cheung @joyeecheung (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Myles Borins @MylesBorins (TSC)
* Ali Ijaz Sheikh @ofrobots (TSC)
* Sakthipriyan Vairamani @thefourtheye (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

Welcome new collaborator Benjamine Coe. Upcoming collaborator onboarding for Shelley Vohr.


### nodejs/build

* Request for elevated permissions [#1337](https://github.com/nodejs/build/issues/1337)

Rod, Jon, Refael, and Joyee will set up a meeting to work through this issue.

### nodejs/node

* buffer: runtime-deprecate Buffer constructor everywhere by default [#21351](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/21351)

  * Nikita recommends taking it off the agenda until August because information will need to develop and be assessed over time.

  * Myles: Some -1’s coming in. I’d like to see a strong case that there are important security concerns
    and not security edge cases. Basically: What are we breaking in the ecosystem vs. what are the risks of
    leaving things as they are.
  * Nikita: I have data on that but it is probably premature to discuss it at this point.

  * Michael: Is deferring to August OK, Myles?

  * Myles: I think if we want to do this, we should land as soon as possible so people can test with the nightly
    build. If we wait until August, that might be enough time (a couple months) before the release, but sooner is better.

  * Nikita: Re: landing early vs landing late, there are already simpler ways to test that than running on Node.js master (such as --pending-deprecation).

  * ACTION ITEM: Michael will post a comment in the issue explaining that the decision will be made in August.

### nodejs/TSC

* Tracking issue for updating TSC on Board Meetings [#476](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/476)
  * Tracy welcomed as director for CommComm
  * Tracy gave update on CommComm and individual membership discussion
  * Myles gave update on collaborator summit

* Strategic Initiatives - Tracking Issue [#423](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/423)
  * Modules: Lots of stuff! Defining “transparent interop” and maybe not using it. Conversation around hooks. Pluggable loaders.
  * N-API: continued for on doc for node-addon-api and prep for NodeSummit
  * Workers: no news to report this week
  * Errors: Discussion about previously-removed error code and whether or not they should be restored. The issue is tagged tsc-review. Please take a look. https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/21491
  * Governance: not much to report this week, but there has been some movement around LTS/Release team
  * Streams: a little experimentation but nothing to report this week
  * V8 currency: Michael Dawson and Ali raised some small issues and Myles took note.
  * Async Hooks: nothing to report
  * npm integration: npm 6 is floated on the 8.x-staging branch and ready to go out in the next release. We also floated a patch recently to fix issues with node-gyp and spaces in file paths. It’s fixed upstream in node-gyp and will be in npm soon. Talking with npm team about having an agreement on how to work together and timing for releases.
  * open web standards: Gus Caplan will be going to the next TC-39 meeting. Probably Jordan Harband and others too. There is a discussion about how to engage in WHATWG. We need to define “small core” etc. Myles is drafting an issue for the main repo. Myles also joined the WHATWG Web Audio working group and hopes to interact with W3C too.

* Proposal: add all new core modules under a scope? (too late for http2) [#389](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/389)

  * Michael: Discussion is ongoing. Let’s leave it on the agenda but let the discussion unfold and see where it goes.

## Q&A, Other

* No questions on youtube

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
