# Node.js Foundation Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2018-04-04

## Links

* **Recording**:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yl70CnAcHbs
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/516

## Present

* Anna Henningsen @addaleax (TSC)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Evan Lucas @evanlucas (TSC)
* Franziska Hinkelmann @fhinkel (TSC)
* Jeremiah Senkpiel @Fishrock123 (TSC)
* Gibson Fahnestock @gibfahn (TSC)
* James M Snell @jasnell (TSC)
* Joyee Cheung @joyeecheung (TSC)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Myles Borins @MylesBorins (TSC)
* Ali Ijaz Sheikh @ofrobots (TSC)
* Michaël Zasso @targos (TSC)
* Sakthipriyan Vairamani @thefourtheye (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)
* Bradley Farias @bmeck (observer)
* Timothy Gu @TimothyGu (observer)


## Agenda

### Announcements
 
*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.


#### nodejs/node
* Tracking Issue for Runtime Deprecation of Buffer constructor #19079
* buffer: do deprecation warning outside node_modules #19524
  * 1 approver short of enough TSC approvals to land, as there is one objection.
  * no objections? - 
  * any abstentions? 
  * TSC vote in the meeting today:
      * YES (10): @addaleax @Trott @targos @cjihrig @evanlucas @MylesBorins @mcollina
        @gibfahn @thefourtheye @ofrobots
      * NO (0)
      * ABSTAIN (0)
      * 10 is enough to approve (19 members, so that's 50% + 1), so this can land.

* crypto: add support for AES-CCM #18138
  * volunteers to review?
  * several people ok for rubber stamp, Rod was pinged we’ll give him a day or 2 to 
    review.
  * PR author had marked as semver major

* stream: 'readable' have precedence over flowing #18994
  * Needs another TSC reviewer.  
  * Anna will volunteer to review.

#### nodejs/TSC
* Tracking issue for updating TSC on Board Meetings #476
  * In public session 3 topics
    * mentorship update.
      * node-slackers being used for meetings
      * links to sign up have gone out.
      * first meeting expected this week
      * 6 month relationship, 1 hour a month
    * leadership subcommittee
      * update on evaluating individual membership and who is participating
    *  JS Interactive update
      * Nothing of interest to report on this front.
* Strategic Initiatives - Tracking Issue #423
  * N-API 
    * Backports for 8.X and 6.X in progress.
    * Plan to ramp up effort on documentation for node-addon-api.
    * Nicola helping with a number of module backports.
  * http2
    * ongoing work on making sure its solid
  * modules
      * yesterday 8 hour online summit with presentations/discussion
      * 15-17 members
      *  Videos available: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IbPxOaGveXA&list=PLfMzBWSH11xb9LoHLO0q3Yo7HXjMOm11N

  * Error messages
  * V8 Currency
  * Workers
  * Core promise APIs
  * TSC Governance
 * New stream APIs
   * More progress on C++ api prototype examples

#### nodejs/modules
* Upstream changes to ESM in nodejs/node #42
  * modules team met, discussed how to handle upstream progress
  * original request to halt, recommendation was to
    * halt new semver minors until team has time to discuss
    * patches/fixes can land
  * don’t want to have people adopting pieces that won’t be supported in the end
  * any problem with the recommendations, not formal but want TSC ok with general approach
  * any objections?

#### domenic/zones in tc39
* discuss unblocking adding error handling #9
  * Bradley led discussion, problem is lack of progress
  * Oldish proposal (3 years) which are a bit like domains
  * Domains, have some issues is problem determination, and some hooks for error handling
  * Hooks for entering async context, subset of what domains were intended to be.
  * There is one issue, but nothing official that Node.js is blocking zones but feeling is that
     Node.js was against them. Bradley/Trevor were the main ones speaking up but Bradley
     has not been able to sync with Trevor to discuss. 
  * Key issue was that changing storage also changes error handling.
  * Trivial to implement zones with domains, but concerns were:
     * error propagation issues
       * you don’t know if your unhandled exception go
       * with promises we already have post mortem issues from domains, people
         Just making so errors get swallowed.
    * concerns over performance
      * Jeremiah, different perf concerns from async_hooks.  For async_hooks only
        have overhead when turned on, whereas zones would always have the overhead.
      * Bradley, not sure if you would have overhead unless you are using zones
      * Ali, history was that at some point those pushing it lost motivation due to objections
        from people in the Node community.
      * Ali, same interception points as async_hooks.  
      * Matteo, today don’t have to turn on promise hooks, strong need for async tracking
        system and good amount of ecosystem does this. Main concern is error handling
        and second is performance (ie not enabled/perf hit all the time)
      * Ali without language level construct, we have real issues.  The perf concerns are valid
        but there is the need to be write/reason about their code.  V8 team is working on lowering
     cost of promise hooks.
    * We are not blocking, but not committed to it.
    * James, we can probably not refine our opinion on this until there is an update on the Zones
      side from the champions.  Maybe organize a call with them to start dialog.

## Q&A, Other
* why does Michael have node.js background? Michael -> covering up junky background in office for fun.
## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.


