# Node.js Foundation Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2018-09-05

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FeMWE1b1ucc
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/593

## Present
* Ali Ijaz Sheikh @ofrobots (TSC)
* Anna Henningsen @addaleax (TSC)
* James M Snell @jasnell (TSC)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Michaël Zasso @targos (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)
* Rod Vagg @rvagg (TSC)
* Timothy Gu @TimothyGu (TSC)
* Anatoli (Observer)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Matteo: Working in assembling the agenda for the collaborator summit. 
 
*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/node

* opt-out or opt-in for warnings etc. [#22587](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/22587)
  * Please review and comment in the issue

* how to do feature detection [#22585](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/22585)
  * Rich to take action to try to round up input

* Password Hashing API [#21766](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/21766)
  * Wait until next meeting where we have Chalker

* buffer: runtime-deprecate Buffer constructor everywhere by default [#21351](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/21351)
  * continued discussion in github issue
  * looking like it might be too late for 11.x and there are some -1s
  * recent comment indicates that existing strategy may be doing what we want anyway.

### nodejs/TSC

* update charter [#569](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/569)
  * changes the way github is managed, Rich wanted unanimity
  * 16 approved, 2 objected.  1 objection seems like it could be addressed
  * 1 fundamental objection
  
* Nominating @apapirovski [#575](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/575)
  * 5 +1 from earlier email chain
  * in meeting we have enough to get to 12, carried with one abstention.

* Tracking issue for updating TSC on Board Meetings [#476](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/476)
  * skip as we don’t have Myles this week

* Strategic Initiatives - Tracking Issue [#423](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/423)
  * http2, James will remove from list
  * n-api - focus on testing and evangelism
  * openssl evolution - 1.1.1 moving slowly, pre release week before last
    * we likely need to be prepared for an upgrade in LTS.  Should be ABI stable
    * 1.1.0 wil not be support long enough we’ll have to upgrade
  * Workers 
    * not a lot to report, Benjamin opened issue today about Web Locks API, which
      provides the means for maintaining exclusive and shared locks; different from
      Atomics api, likely want to implement. Issue
      [#22702](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/22702).
    * Rod, any sense on path towards maturity.
    * Anna, 2 questions
      * Changes were we are accounting for workers, not too great an issue as node supports
        embedders and most of the stuff allowing for workers is already needed for that.
      * Experimental exit criteria - defining is a bit more complicated.  Should be based on 
        feedback.
      * Rod would love to see what people are using it for
  * Core promise APIs - still baking
  * Governance - Rod going to remove himself from that as champion
  * New Stream APIs - some draft experimentation, still really early days.  He has some repos
    * Matteo will ask to update strategic initiatives to point to page with links to current work
  * V8 Currency 
    * 6.9 is ready to land, needs a couple of reviews from TSC.
    * 7.0 is next one likely to be ready soon and what we’ll have for 11.x

* Async Hooks 
  * Not too much happening
  * One key issue is around perf for promises, may be something from v8 to help
  * PR to expose resource is stalled, will not happen.
  * Should progress more now that summer is over.

### nodejs/admin

* new repo and/or team request: tools [#220](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/220)
  * this has been open long enough can proceed.
  * Matteo has volunteered to create the repo tomorrow morning

## Q&A, Other

* Is the mentor program still on?
  * Yes but due to such high demand team is still figuring out how to address the need.
* Brian asked about issue 220 that we missed from the agenda
  * Thanks for catching that.

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.


