# Node.js Foundation Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2018-01-17
## Links
* **Recording**: <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=050aEhL4L8o>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/471>
* **Minutes Google Doc**: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1xmvGUU06azrXjFN4tgu6w73hRUKEqaiDddDmxRaz0Dg>
## Present
* Anna Henningsen @addaleax (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Daniel Bevenius @danbev (TSC)
* Evan Lucas @evanlucas (TSC)
* Jeremiah Senkpiel @Fishrock123 (TSC)
* Gibson Fahnestock @gibfahn (observer)
* James M Snell @jasnell (TSC)
* Joyee Cheung @joyeecheung (TSC)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Rod Vagg @rvagg (TSC)
* Trevor Norris @trevnorris (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)
## Agenda
### nodejs/TSC
* Moderation access [#469](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/469)
Michael: Bot for the future is OK, but we shouldn’t stand in the way any longer of the Moderation Team being able to do their job now.
Rod: I’ve said my piece. I don’t like it. But I’m not going to hold it up.
Jeremiah & James discussed possibilities of org being deleted the way NodeSchool was.
Michael: We should continue to work on ways to limit the total number of people with privileges.
Rod: I will say that so far I’m impressed with the professionalism of the Moderation Team. My concern about the individuals is minimal. It’s an organizational precedent-setting concern.
Jeremiah: I agree with Anna in the chat that it’s not easy to delete the org accidentally nowadays.
Michael: We tried to set the expectation in the PR to limit Moderation Team
activity to just what they need to do to moderate.
Jeremiah: I might contact GitHub just to see whats changed.
Rich will take the action item of making sure that 2FA is enabled on all Moderation Team members, and that this is communicated to Moderation Team. PR is good to land.
* Enterprise Advisory Group [#431](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/431)
Michael and James: This can be removed from the agenda.
* Strategic Initiatives - Tracking Issue [#423](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/423)
  * N-API - no update since last week.
  * Moderation Team: No significant moderation activity this is week, which is as it should be. There was some conversation about how to make decisions quickly on temp ban vs. indefinite ban. Mostly internal Moderation Team stuff.
  * Errors: C++ errors left.
  * Streams API: JS prototyping done. Working zlib transform. C++ APIs coming soon.
  * Modules: Important PR around named exports.
  * OpenSSL: Doc coming soon.
  * Workers: Nothing to report this week.
  * Async Hooks: Nothing to report this week.
### nodejs/node
* meta: about the collaborator nomination process [#18090](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/18090)
* Q: Who can nominate?
  * A: Collaborators.
* Q: Whose objection can block a nomination?
  * A: Collaborator objection can block, but in the unlikely event of escalation to a vote, only TSC members can vote.
* Q: Prior to nomination, should we have private discussion?
  * A: Nominations can be opened privately on the Collaborators discussion board initially, but ultimately nominations should be opened publicly in a GitHub issue.
* Q: What should a nomination look like?
  * A: Work towards automatically generated templates with a summary of the nominees activity in the organization (@node-core-utils). However, for now, keep issues to one per nominee.
* Q: How long should the nomination process take?
  * A: Seems to currently take about 1-2 weeks typically. Onboarding person should email TSC to confirm there are no objections before moving forward.
* Q: Who is responsible for onboarding?
  * A: Joyee, Rich, Anna (if she wants), and any other interested parties will discuss in a separate venue (email, hangout). Rod/Michael ask that if we need more people to onboard, to ask the TSC because the onboarding doc is straightforward.
* esm: provide named exports for all builtin libraries [#18131](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/18131)
James: Deprecation issue is particularly important. TSC needs to pay attention to this because it’s going to come back to us.
### nodejs/admin
* GitHub Owner permissions [#33](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/33)
Rich/Michael: Already covered. Rich will remove label and possibly close issue.
## Q&A, Other
## Upcoming Meetings
* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>
Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
