# Node.js Foundation Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2018-07-11

## Links

* **Recording**:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jX_FFG-XC_E
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/565

## Present

* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Franziska Hinkelmann @fhinkel (TSC)
* James M Snell @jasnell (TSC)
* Jeremiah Senkpiel @Fishrock123 (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Michaël Zasso @targos (TSC)
* Myles Borins @MylesBorins (TSC)
* Sakthipriyan Vairamani @thefourtheye (TSC)
* Timothy Gu @TimothyGu (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/build

* Request for elevated permissions [#1337](https://github.com/nodejs/build/issues/1337)
  * Rich setting up meeting, leave to build WG to progress for now.
### nodejs/node

* doc: remove 2 unused error codes from errors.md [#21491](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/21491)
  * PR was removing error codes that were no longer used
  * Objection from Joyee, suggested we should keep them even after no longer used
  * We’ll keep on agenda until meeting where Joyee can be part of the discussion

### nodejs/TSC

* Tracking issue for updating TSC on Board Meetings [#476](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/476)
  * No meeting since the last discussion
* Strategic Initiatives - Tracking Issue [#423](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/423)
  * HTTP2 - still working on criteria to exit experimental, targeting end of August
  * Modules - meeting later today, digging into a few more implementations. Bit of a transition
    from discussion to implementation
  * N-API - continued focus on doc, and evangelism (Node Summit Workshop and talks), blog
    planned to line up with 8.x semver minor release.
  * Core promise APIs, test coverage for fs promises is improving, PR to get promises support
    for dns module.  In many cases promised version of method does not make sense, or needs
    a lot more thought.  Expectation should be that these will take a while to land/review/get out
    of experimental
  * Governance, shifted to project governance from TSC governance.  Changes to LTS approach
    is likely to drive some of this
  * New streams API, fs-source/fs-sync cleanup for published modules
  * V8 currency:
    * Update to V8 6.8 waiting for build changes because more recent version of macOS is
      needed.  Issue here for discussion on moving up to compile on OSX 10.11 - https://github.com/nodejs/build/issues/1358#issuecomment-403639964
    * @pmarshall opened PR to patch ABI compatibility with Node 10
    * canary currently broken. Anna is working on a fix.
* Proposal: add all new core modules under a scope? (too late for http2) [#389](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/389)
* npm co-ordination - PR open, please review and comment.
* open web standards - TC39 meeting coming up but Myles won’t make it.  Gus and Jordan,
  Timothy will be there.

## Q&A, Other

* No questions this week.

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
