# Node.js Foundation Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2018-06-13

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OxjWOgC1U9k>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/551>

## Present

* Anna Henningsen @addaleax (TSC)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Franziska Hinkelmann @fhinkel (TSC)
* Jeremiah Senkpiel @Fishrock123 (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Myles Borins @MylesBorins (TSC)
* Rod Vagg @rvagg (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/node

* process: add allowedEnvironmentNodeFlags property [#19335](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/19335)
  * Had some initial discussions, will pick up again next time when we have more
    people and more TSC members have reviewed.
  * seems likes needs TSC champion to push forward.

* Nominating bcoe as a collaborator [#20242](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/20242)
  * Seems like everybody on the issue is +1, any objections.  Myles will find somebody to
    Onboard.

### nodejs/TSC

* Tracking issue for updating TSC on Board Meetings [#476](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/476)
  * Nothing to add since last board meeting
  * Work on getting CommComm charter in place for Director etc.

* Strategic Initiatives - Tracking Issue [#423](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/423)
  * Modules
    * Have gotten through a larger number of the use cases
    * PR open for meta require
    * Starting to talk about deadlines
    * Main contentious topics are about transparent interop, module specifier resolution
    * Package name maps proposal from Domenic, to allow install time tooling to generate
      manifest to be consumed by browser to allow bare imports.  May provide path to being
      to use modules in both browsers and Node.js without changes. Does not affect CJS

  * N-API
    * Continued push on doc for node-addon-api
    * Looks like we’ll have workshop and a few talks at Node Summit
    * Proposal for adding new APIs as experimental
    * Proposal for guidance on adding new APIs

  * OpenSSL Evolution
    * Pull request 21282, would like some additional opinions from TSC members. Relates to security issue,
      CVE is assigned and details are public but not in OpenSSL release yet as its low severity.
    * Anna, would this be considered a breaking change if not a security issue?

  * Workers
    * Not too much new since PR landed, may include in next 10.x release (it is behind a flag)
    * working out minor issues.

  * TSC Governance
    * Some discussion on code owners, mixed feelings
    * Discussion around backports, and our definition of done.  Should we not close
      pull requests until all backports audited, landed etc.

  * New Streams APIs
    * Progress at collab summit, Jerimiah, fs-source and fs-sync modules, more status
      In fishrock123/bob repo.   Nothing new since collab summit.

* Proposal: add all new core modules under a scope? (too late for http2) [#389](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/389)
  * Myles, we need namespaces and we need to move on faster than we have to. Every
    time we add something new we have the shadowing issue with npm
  * We have a number of PRs open (mime, brotili) and other recent ones have had
    collisions.  Also was issue for fs.promises.
  * Questions about what kind of symbol we use, Myles highly recommends @nodejs
    namespace
  * TC39 is also looking into namespaces as a language feature, advice from committee was
    not to wait for it (there are no proposals now, likely more than a year out).
  * Can’t just be a directory, security concern about versions that don’t have the namespace as
    people coule publish modules with the same name in those versions and they could be used
    by accident instead of what was expected (a built in module).
  * Jeremiah only move to namespaces once.  Also align with returning promisified APIs.
  * Myles that could be a 11/2 year to 2 years from now.
  * Let’s leave on the agenda.
  * Anna, may make sense to ask if we have enough engagement from those outside the our
    bubble.
    * single sentence question -> should node namespace modules? along with context.

### nodejs/admin

* Propose team discussion policy [#121](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/pull/121)
  * some discussion, but nobody jumped in with strong feelings one way or the other.
  * Myles, we instead more likely need discussions on what is appropriate to discuss in the
    repo where it is not public as we want as much to be public as possible.

## Q&A, Other

* All questions comment in thread, nothing to add.

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
