# Node.js Foundation Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2018-01-31

## Links

* **Recording**: <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a6YtLIaqMqs>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/478>
* **Minutes Google Doc**: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1R7Z9Rt01fqFddMnllJddezKwGIbaCcrkrGfw5Lhc_1A>

## Present

* Ali Ijaz Sheikh @ofrobots (TSC)
* Daniel Bevenius @danbev (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Evan Lucas @evanlucas (TSC)
* Franziska Hinkelmann @fhinkel (TSC)
* Jeremiah Senkpiel @Fishrock123 (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* MichaëZasso @targos (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)
* Sakthipriyan Vairamani @thefourtheye (TSC)
* Trevor Norris @trevnorris (TSC)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

Moderation team update:
* Indefinite block for one user for GitHub comment spam/likely-malware from a throwaway account.
* Indefinitely blocked one user for GitHub comment spam. Emailed user. Will remove the block if user resolves the issue.
* One user.s temporary block was supposed to be lifted after a week, but subsequent emails from the user suggest that they are not reforming their behavior. Moderation Team consensus is to leave the block in place indefinitely.

### nodejs/node

* doc: document asserts Weak(Map|Set) behavior [#18248](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/18248)
  * Don't have people who have been involved in the discussion, so take back to GitHub with
    request that we review so we can discuss next time.
  * Rich, invite Ruben as guest to discuss this one issue

* src: delete process.env values set to undefined [#18158](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/18158)
  * Matteo added as there was some approvals but then one blocking objection
  * Objection is that it is too big a change.
  * Opened because of another change to child process, in the discussion it was
    suggested that we change process.env to make it more consistent.
  * Invite Timothy to next meeting to discuss, then call for vote.

* esm: provide named exports for all builtin libraries [#18131](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/18131)
  * main problem is that it breaks how we do deprecations
  * Matteo, important issue. Schedule modules call to discuss will help move it forward.
  * Matteo will coordinate with Myles meeting to discussion.

* configure: fix type of arm_version [#14595](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/14595)
  * Breaking change, so it needs another TSC approval but nobody seems to be comfortable approving.
  * added comment to issue, pushed back to GitHub discussion.

* src: don't abort when package.json is a directory[#18270](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/18270)
  * agreement that it should not abort
  * Jeremiah, main disagreement is if it should handle it as if file does not exist or if
    the file was empty.
  * most of those commenting are learning towards handling as if it does not exist.
  * there is an alternative PR from Bradley, main difference is whether the cache
    is updated or not.
  * Rich will try to work out solution or define option to vote on, issue being fixed was open
  since 2016 so don't think it is urgent.  Rich will try to get to it this week or next.

### nodejs/benchmarking

* Setup bluebird and/or Wikipedia benchmarks for promise performance [#188](https://github.com/nodejs/benchmarking/issues/188)
  * Discussed, last meeting, nothing for TSC to decide at this point.  Let async hooks team
    address, removing tag for now.

### nodejs/TSC

* Strategic Initiatives - Tracking Issue [#423](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/423)
  * N-API
    * bcrypt now has an N-API tagged version and is being used in production.
      see:<https://github.com/nodejs/abi-stable-node/issues/287#issuecomment-360296931>
    * progress being made on integration with  PR expected soon. See:
      <https://github.com/nodejs/abi-stable-node/issues/263#issuecomment-361711077>

  * Modules
    * dynamic import on by default for esm
      * currently you need to use two flags to get dynamic import
      * nodejs/node#18387
  * import.meta implementation
    * finding consensus around initial api
    * nodejs/node#18368
  * named exports for core modules
    * Important feature we need to release without a flag
    * Debate over if the exported modules should be filtered
    * current implementation may create hazard for apms (@mcollina can speak to this)
    * nodejs/node#18131
  * esm mode flag
    * introduces semantic that could allow esm modules with the .js extension
    * per package flags for loading mode
    * still discussing implementation
    * nodejs/node#18392

* V8 currency
  * 6.4 landed on master last week.
  * 6.5 PR is open, no major issue.

### nodejs/security-wg

* Handle HackerOne org to core triage team [#103](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/103)
  * in last security-wg meeting, talking about using HackerOne for using modules, which is
    working well. Not much input from core team yet.  More responses since then
  * Vladimir requested and if he joined the core security triage team, it will make it easier
  to do knowledge transfer
  * Colin asked if there were any objections from those on the call to using HackerOne, none
  voiced.

## Q&A, Other
* JDD: comments that HackerOne has a few bugs, some concern over how secure it is.
Suggestion is that he opens specific issues in the security-wg repo to raise the concerns.
* Guy: asking if <https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/18233> would address apm concerns.
* JDD: any plans to use N-API for ESM implementation.  Answer, long term thoughts to use
  N-API for internal implementations but not there yet.

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
