# Node.js Foundation Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2018-10-03

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ARgtJrgvaOQ>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/608>

## Present

* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Daniel Bevenius @danbev (TSC)
* Joyee Cheung @joyeecheung (TSC)
* Gabriel Schulhof @gabrielschulhof (TSC)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)
* Rod Vagg @rvagg (TSC)
* Sakthipriyan Vairamani @thefourtheye (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* To everybody attending the collaborator summit at Node+JS Interaticve.  Please make sure
  to take survey about attendance of sessions in the collaboration summit (Vancouver 2018)
  <https://github.com/nodejs/summit/issues/115>

### nodejs/node

* doc: formalize non-const reference usage in C++ style guide [#23155](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/23155)
  * Will defer to future meeting (likely 2 weeks from now) and invite Rafael
    and also make sure we have Anna to have the discussion.

### nodejs/TSC

* Tracking issue for updating TSC on Board Meetings
  [#476](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/476)
  * No Myles so skip.

* Strategic Initiatives - Tracking Issue [#423](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/423)
  * N-API
    * node-addon-api
      * new release today
      * docs now have full coverage
      * working on test coverage
    * Evangelism
      * Talk/Community corner session at Node+JS Interactive, + session in collab summit
      * Workshop at NodeConfEU
  * OpenSSL
    * Going to into 10.x LTS with 1.1.0 and we’ll have to upgrade to 1.1.1 which is not supposed to
      be breaking.
  * Error message - `err.name` is currently formatted as `Error [ERR_CODE]` which breaks web compat
    (at least it breaks Web Platform Tests), See
    <https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/20253#issuecomment-426576453>

### nodejs/community-committee

* Establishing a communication channel for embargoed communication [#382](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/382)
  * Will track progerss CommComm makes on this, taking off agenda for now.

## Q&A, Other

* No questions this week.

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
