# Node.js Foundation Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2018-03-21

## Links

* **Recording**:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pJ9Fs_qMuZQ
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/511

## Present

* Anna Henningsen @addaleax (TSC)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Daniel Bevenius @danbev (TSC)
* Evan Lucas @evanlucas (TSC)
* Jeremiah Senkpiel @Fishrock123 (TSC)
* Gibson Fahnestock @gibfahn (TSC)
* James M Snell @jasnell (TSC)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Ali Ijaz Sheikh @ofrobots (TSC)
* Rod Vagg @rvagg (TSC)
* Trevor Norris @trevnorris (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)

* Mathias Buus Madsen @mafintosh (observer)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* If you are a member of the Node.js GitHub org and are interested in participating in on-call rotation for the Moderation Team, please indicate so in issue 183 in the moderation repo.

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/node

* Collaborator nomination @BethGriggs [#19376](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/19376)
* Tracking Issue for Runtime Deprecation of Buffer constructor [#19079](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/19079)
  * Rich - wants to get a feel on where people are on this issue.  Seems like there are at least two people who have semi-privately indicated that they have changed their position.
  * James - not so much in favor any more. Not much time left. Prefer not to land for 10.0.0.
    let's evaluate before it goes lts
  * Rich - query other people who did not participate.
  * Jeremiah does not have strong feelings.
  * Michael seems to be no longer in favor either.
  * Nikita: By the time 11 comes along, things would be even worse.
  * James, it around how do we encourage people to make the required updates
  * Rod: with zero fill is it as urgent as it might have been.
  * Nikita, can we discuss separately in modules and in their dependencies
  * James: we need a better way to handle deprecations.  Need a more effective solution
    wants to separate decision on buffer and finding a better way to do deprecations.
  * Anna, suggest we don’t do anything in 10, but then do deprecation in top level code in master
    but not in dependencies,  as a first step.
  * Rod, maybe if we say the plan is to do it in 11 that will help ensure people start working
    on updating.
  * Mathias, large number of modules which may just never get updated.  Do we want the
    warning to be there for a long time.
  * James: There is code in browserify where code is dynamically generated. These will be hard
    to find/fix.
  * Nikita, not likely that many modules that do it, should not be that hard to fix.
  * Rich: npm has been great with working with us on abandoned modules.
  * Rod: do we still think the polyfill is even needed anymore?
  * James: some modules are written to run in browser and those do need it.
  * Mathias: problem of dependencies on older major, so can for update across major versions.
    Not as trivial as just updating code.
  * Rod: challenge is that we are not seeing decreasing usage, so if we believe we need to get
    rid of it we need to get to decreasing coverage.
  * James, as an example there is twitter discussion that its ok to use it safely.
  * Anna, having good high level discussion that we should continue, but we should have a
    decision out of this meeting for this particular deprecation.
  * James, not inclined to land as has been running with it enabled in preparation of landing in 10
    and it is very disruptive.
  * Nikita, suggestions in github repo, deperate on use of buffer constructor outside of
    modules/deps.  You will only see warning if it is in your own code.
  * Michael does that mean that only devs would see them while working on their code?
  * Nikita, would see also for globally installed tools
  * Rich, everything he has seen is stuff that is in the modules as opposed to the CLI code
  * Mathias, seems like an ok way forward.  Main question is how to stop people from publishing
    new code. So seems like a good approach.
  * Rich read out question.  Approach sounds good, but then how we will get to the point were
    We can remove the constructor.  Though pending deprecation flag hopefully we an to our
    collaborators to identify and help fix.
  * Nikita, plan would be to land waning for user code not in node modules for 10
    working helping fix existing modules, then reconsidering for 11.
  * Anna, more comfortable not doing in 10 since we’ve never done something like
    that, but will not block.
  * Anna, willing to open the PR today.
  * Any objections to landing runtime deprecation that only prints for code outside node_modules
    in 10.
* Rich will update issue with decision made and cc TSC so those not here are aware.

### nodejs/TSC

* Tracking issue for updating TSC on Board Meetings [#476](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/476)

* Strategic Initiatives - Tracking Issue [#423](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/423)

  * N-API - PR to make stable landed
    * Seems to have spurred additional activity, issues being reported and they are being worked.
  * Anna - workers, has started pulling over code to shutdown but having issues on windows.
  * James, would be good to have more review/comments on http2 in terms of criteria for
    exiting experimental.

### nodejs/admin

* Travel Fund approval and being careful about funds available [#99](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/99)
  * Matteo, can we ask somebody from the foundation to help manage?
  * Michael, if we don’t get a volunteer from CommComm then we should see if that is an option
  * James, funds have to be allocated in advance.  We should not commit to money we have not
    allocated.

## Meeting Times

* proposal move next meeting to 16 UTC, instead of current time.  For the others will continue
  discussion in email.
* Michael send out email on TSC email list saying we are moving as an opportunity to raise a
  concern

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
