# Node.js Foundation Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2018-04-18

## Links

* **Recording**: <https://youtu.be/8C8BRsUMeQg>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/520>

## Present

### Members

* Anna Henningsen @addaleax (TSC)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Franziska Hinkelmann @fhinkel (TSC)
* Jeremiah Senkpiel @Fishrock123 (TSC)
* Joyee Cheung @joyeecheung (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Myles Borins @MylesBorins (TSC)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (TSC)
* Sakthipriyan Vairamani @thefourtheye (TSC)
* Michaël Zasso @targos (TSC)

### Observers

* Timothy Gu @TimothyGu (observer)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* TSC Chair/Director representative nominations open - [#521](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/521)
* Enterprise use case user feedback session this Friday - [#52](https://github.com/nodejs/user-feedback/issues/52)
* Call for proposals for JS Interactive - Closes April 20th so please submit proposals

### nodejs/node

* doc: add documentation on porting from Buffer(arg) usage [#19827](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/19827)
  * We have a start. We need people to review/contribute as there are still holes to be
    filled
* Tracking Issue for Runtime Deprecation of Buffer constructor [#19079](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/19079)
  * Need to complete migration guide.  Chalker - needs more people to review
    comment before it is published.  (link to guide is in 19079)
  * Matteo - prefer to have pull request that we can work on together, would like guide
    for Node 10.
  * Chalker will submit PR to nodejs.org to
    [Guides](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.org/tree/master/locale/en/docs/guides).
  * Franziska - we still need to identify important patches to modules and submit those patches
    Chalker have you already been working on that? Yes, not sharing list for security reasons.
    Will co-ordinate offline.

### nodejs/TSC

* Tracking issue for updating TSC on Board Meetings [#476](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/476)
  * Myles, no new board meeting since last meeting.  Next meeting is the 30th of April. If
    there are issues to be brought to the board let me know.
* Strategic Initiatives - Tracking Issue [#423](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/423)
  * N-API - 6.x backport landed (Experimental for now), 8.x backport just need clean CI/approvals
  * HTTP/2 - significant difference between master/8.x needs some focused work
    to get backports landed. Looking for volunteers.
  * Modules - finished process of collecting user stories and using that to drive use cases.
  * OpenSSL - Some work on ASM, question of whether it is going to be ready for next week.
    Myles - we should not ship 10.x unless it is.  Michael has action to send email to Rod to get
    confirmation of whether it should be ready or not.
  * Error messages - Joyee just opened [#20121](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/20121)
    to update error codes to C++ errors. Is it too late?  Allows refactoring without semver major.
    Michael - is this all that is left, Joyee - no.
    Anna, Matteo fine with having in v10.x.  Would still be >100 left.  Myles useful to have
    land to avoid conflicts from churn in project early on.  Joyee to talk to James to see if it
    can be included.
  * TSC Governance, nothing now, hope to discuss at Berlin collaborator summit.
  * Anything about new streams API?
  * Async hooks ? - Do we need a new champion, if we don’t have a volunteer move down to
    “needs champion”.  Reach out to diagnostics group.
  * V8 currency - backport to make compatible with 6.7 is landed in master, will be in 10.x in next
    few days.

### nodejs/admin

* Add Node Slack Community to scope [#49](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/pull/49)
  * Should slack channel be under our moderation scope?
  * Matteo - some people from this group need to be admins?
  * Myles - do we need people from both or is members from CommComm ok.
  * Matteo - if it's joint from TSC and CommComm, we need admins from both.
  * Jeremiah - needs to have people from CommComm and needs to be structured
    appropriately.
  * Myles - believes Tracy meets requirements. Matteo, we need more than one.
  * Franziska - enough if Chair and director have admin rights?
  * Matteo - making it official that we have an account. Make a shared account and keep
    credentials in secrets repo.
  * Jeremiah - need to be moderated by our moderation team or team that is structured, follows
    the same approach.
  * Michael - if model of having another org do moderation which has committed to our
    standard, its a benefit so worth supporting and being involved.  Franziska agrees.
  * Myles - already active, does not preclude us from choosing a communication channel for
    the project.
  * Myles/Michael add rationale in comment.
  * All review approve or reject.
  * Franziska - will follow up with Tracy to make sure we get admin login.

### nominations for Timothy

No objections
11 +1’s
Welcome!

## Q\&A, Other

No questions this week.

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
