# Node.js Foundation Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2019-08-21

## Links

* **Recording**: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ptcfxss1qU
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/747


## Present

* Anatoli Papirovski @apapirovski (TSC)
* Beth Griggs @BethGriggs (guest participant)
* Christian Clauss @cclauss (guest participant)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* James Snell @jasnell (TSC)
* Joyee Cheung @joyeecheung (TSC)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Myles Borins @MylesBorins (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)
* Tobias Niessen @tniessen (guest participant)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Rich, 12.9.0 but there are warnings, may want to wait for 12.9.1. Also included updated 
  version of npm that resolve issue related to environment variables

* Node+JS interactive schedule is out, would love to see you there. 

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates
 
*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/node

* buffer: add Buffer.harden() method [#28439](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/28439)
  * no much since last week
  * Current form is what Chalker would like to do for now
    * Could remove restriction that only available in the first tick later on but would prefer not to 
      do it now.
  * Michael: does it make any sense to mark this as experimental in documentation
  * Chalker, makes sense as would not have too much impact since cannot be used in modules
  * James, happier with having it as experimental to start
  * Matteo, having it print warning?
  * James: as an API warning would be good
  * Rich: release with warning and the release later in subsequent SemVer minor?
  * James: can see that warning would discourage use.
  * Michael: warning would hit the wrong people?
  * James: warning that depends on production variable
  * Chalker: not sure we’ve done that before, might cause more issues
  * James: only emit warning in development mode
  * Lets take back to github, please review and comment in the issue  

* build: ongoing list of actions for Python 3 compatibility [#25789](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/25789)
  * Covered under strategic initiatives

* process: improve nextTick performance [#25461](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/25461)
  * Discussion is continuing in the issue.  Active comments recently

* Building with full-icu by default [#19214](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/19214)
  * James: discussion has not changed too much in terms of for/against
  * Myles: has done some research, in Google cloud this would potentially have some sort
    of effect on runtime.  Size of binaries is not an issue.  Issue is related to mmap to 
    load ICU data, could appear to be memory leak, but not not necessarily be reason to 
    block.  Myles has link with port of ICU to web assembly, that might avoid using mmap
  * Myles, people using containers, not super thrilled.
  * Rich: seems that opposition seems to be whittled down within the project.  
  * James: In some cases you take the full memory hit even though it tries to map in 
    just what is needed.
  * James: Just moving to web assembly, that does not solve the problem is that you still
    have to load all of the data. ICU itself needs 
  * Michael: could we bundle in but only load on request based on command line flag.
  * James: that would be an option, increases download size but not memory size
  * James: will document option Michael suggested in the tracker and we’ll go from there.

* http2: make compat finished match http/1 [#24347](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/24347)
  * Were added recently, lots of context.  Lets ask TSC to review and discuss next week. 

* stream: don't emit error after destroy() [#29197](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/29197)
  * Related conversation/issue:
    * https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/29205#issuecomment-523237246
  * Were added recently, lots of context.  Lets ask TSC to review and discuss next week. 

### nodejs/TSC

* Nominating @tniessen for the TSC [#746](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/746)
* Nominating @BethGriggs to the TSC [#718](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/718)

### nodejs/admin

* OpenJSF Proposal to move governance of the Travel Fund to the Cross Project Council [#398](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/398)


## Strategic Initiatives

https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/blob/master/Strategic-Initiatives.md

* Modules
  * Making good progress
  * proposal to require ESM, not convinced this can be done in non-breaking way: https://github.com/nodejs/modules/issues/371

N-API
  * Working on workshop for Node+JS interactive
  * functions

* Core promise APIs
  * James working with a new collaborator who is working zlib. Hoping to get another one going, 
    just slow going

* New Streams
  * Jeremiah needs feedback from others and is waiting on that
 
* Open Web standards
  * Myles, since there is a standard initiative at the OpenJS level should we spin down
  * Michael: anything going on within the Node.js project
  * Rich: We should ask Joyee
  * Joyee: We could focus on web platform and implementation tests.  Myles may remove himself as one of the initiative champions.

