# Node.js Foundation Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2019-02-20

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ZO7llo6p0M
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/668

## Present

* Anatoli Papirovski @apapirovski (TSC)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Jeremiah Senkpiel @Fishrock123 (TSC)
* Franziska Hinkelmann @fhinkel (TSC)
* Gireesh Punathil @gireeshpunathil (observer)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Myles Borins @MylesBorins (TSC)
* Ali Ijaz Sheikh @ofrobots (TSC)
* Rod Vagg @rvagg (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* Gireesh has been nominated as a TSC member.  As per process he is attending a few
  meetings before the vote. Welcome to your first meeting :)
* Matteo, venue has been set for Collaborator summit at same time as JSConfEU. Good time
  to book travel
* Myles, Nodejs.dev has launched with small learning resource site. Based on some work from
  website working group. Already 11-12 contributors.  Lots of way for people to help.
* Myles, working actively since intent to merge was announced in October. Number of people
  actively involved, shout outs to Matteo and Michael Dawson who have been active, as well
  as Jory Burson from the JS Foundation.  Town hall this Tuesday on progress, planning
  another one in 2 weeks.  Myles then gave overview of proposed structure.

### nodejs/node

* events: add once method to use promises with EventEmitter [#26078](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/26078)
  * On agenda as FYI and for feedback.
  * How to make event emitter more promise friendly.
  * Going to remove tsc-agenda tag.

* process: improve nextTick performance [#25461](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/25461)
  * Anatoli had objection, Matteo proposed solution, Anatoli is happy once those changes
    are made. Going to remove tsc-agenda tag.

### nodejs/TSC

* Tracking issue for updating TSC on Board Meetings [#476](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/476)
  * Board meeting on Friday Feb 22nd.
  * Items here: https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/projects/1
    * licences for non-code
    * Travel fund for collab summit. Has been matched to last year but we may have
      more people since the scope is larger (includes JS project members as well)

* Strategic Initiatives - Tracking Issue [#423](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/423)
  * Modules - meeting just before this one, contentious discussions. Trying to meet
    deadline of getting upstreamed before 12.x, but a few contentious issues.
  * N-API - continued to work on adoption, some good progress on modules called out
    earlier as problems for 12.x.  Otherwise regular issues/PR handling.
  * OpenSSL evolution - security release next week for OpenSSL (1.1.1 and 1.0.2) only
    affects 6.x and 8.x, we should plan for security releases.
  * Workers - no flag but still experimental. Hoping to get out of experimental for 12.x
  * Governance - see announcement on bootstrap
  * New Stream APIs - in limbo, stalled waiting on people
  * Async Hooks - nothing new on that front
  * Open Web Standards - WICG - import maps proposal (bare imports in browser). Major
    change to npm install modules in browser.  WICG work around new file system API also
    thinking about spinning up group around QUIC.  TC39 meeting a few weeks ago, dynamic
    modules not successful, top level await proposal still being worked.  Decorators may be
    another one that people might want to look at.  Work with IETF to standardized .mjs.

## Q&A, Other

* No questions this week.

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
