# Node.js Foundation Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2019-07-03

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eeZgxDfZHUY>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/725>

## Present

* Beth Griggs @BethGriggs (guest participant)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Daniel Bevenius @danbev (TSC)
* Franziska Hinkelmann @fhinkel (TSC)
* Gireesh Punathil @gireeshpunathil (TSC)
* Jeremiah Senkpiel @Fishrock123 (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Myles Borins @MylesBorins (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)
* Sam Roberts @sam-github (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

\*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/node

* http2: make compat finished match http/1 [#24347](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/24347)
  * Anatoli working on testing, updated yesterday.

* new core modules go under a namespace [#21551](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/21551)
  * First came up back round the time of http/2 but that just worked out
  * Suggestion is can we create a namespace that we can use to qualify modules with. Two
    main discussions
    * mechanism
    * some TSC members were not convinced we needed them and it could just overcomplicate
      things
  * Two more things have come up for Myles (who has always wanted them) which indicate
    they would be needed.
    * There is PR
    * WASI, setting up to be under wasi\_unstable:
    * Some layered APIs in browser that are using std:
    * Work in TC39 to standardize built in modules as js:
    * Bullish that we should use nodejs:, would be willing to head over to IANA to
      see if we can get that namespace.  Need recommendation from TSC
  * Jerimiah, my position is to avoid where we have some modules under standard
    name space, intermediate namespace and then one which follows adopted
    standard.
  * Myles believes that we are at the point where the writing is on the wall and that
    if we choose nodejs: others will follow on that front.
  * Rich can we implement under a flag that we can remove once the standard
    is in place ?
  * Myles, yes we could flag.  Apple is pushing the charge on standardizing the
    parsing so maybe we can line up with them.
  * Myles, any objections?
  * Michael, are those who objected  in the meeting?
  * Sam: kind of like nodejs:, but seems like @nodejs/ namespace would make things
    consistent between bundles modules.
  * Myles, seems strange that specifier could mean both build it module versus
    external ecosystem modules.
  * Sam, convinced by the downsides of @nodejs/ that we should not use that.
  * Colin, can we use this as an opportunity to only export/limit the modules that
    we export for ES6
  * Myles, yes and no, personally feel can do in some cases but not to only limit
    To promises APIs.  In that case we are basically just creating a new namespace
    which would could be a problem for adoption.
  * Jerimiah, could consider making promises the default but not removing the
    callback versions.
  * Myles if we put behind a flag gives us additional flexibility in changing what
    we expose later on.
  * Michael, is PR close except for namespace?
  * Myles will follow up with @ljharb to see if he would be ok in closing this one
    and opening a new one or if conversation should continue in the issue.

### nodejs/TSC

* Nominating @BethGriggs to the TSC [#718](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/718)
  * FYI only
* doc: update TSC charter [#698](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/698)
  * Just waiting on cpc governance update and then this should land (\~7-10 days)
* Tracking issue for updating TSC on Board Meetings [#476](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/476)
* Strategic Initiatives - Tracking Issue [#423](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/423)
  * Modules
    * open PR for export proposal, mechanism to specify files for export, could be used
      by both Node and browsers. Once of the next steps to unflagging modules
  * N-API - meeting today with WASM team
  * Governance
    * Michael can this be dropped?
    * Myles believe we can.
  * Streams
    * Could things going on related to streams initiatives in general
    * PR open for `stream.Transform.by()` with current streams to allow better use with async generators <https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/28501>
    * streamx was recently created  <https://github.com/mafintosh/streamx> - “streams4 -ish”
    * Bob streams, in time since JSConfEU, streams3 adaptor so you can pipe back/form
      between existing streams, now working on a full automated tests suite
    * <https://github.com/Fishrock123/bob> likely becoming spec repo, still considering best time to pull into Node.js org
  * Open Web standards
    * <https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards>
    * Biweekly meeting for 10PM UTC
    * First meeting of OpenJS standards team yesterday
      * Really high level discussion of the mechanics of how to do things
      * Discussion around who should be able to publish to namespace.  May need
        for neutral third party to define who can publish to different domains.
    * Good place to open issues related to standards if there is something we need
      on the Node.js front.
    * If you want to get involved Myles is happy to talk to you to get you ramped up.
* Build resources
  * Rich, need to make an appointment with Michael as next step.

## Q\&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
