# Node.js Foundation Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2019-06-26

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B2DyWTJWk6c>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/722>

## Present

* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Daniel Bevenius @danbev (TSC)
* Gabriel Schulhof @gabrielschulhof (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)
* Sam Roberts @sam-github (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/node

* http2: make compat finished match http/1 [#24347](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/24347)
  * Anatoli is working reinstate his express test environment so that he can validate
    if the issue he’d seen still exists or not, but it is slow going.

### nodejs/Release

* Development kit and Deployment kit releases [#341](https://github.com/nodejs/Release/issues/341)
  * Discussion in the TSC meeting today was that we should postpone considering this further
    until we have a list of things to either be removed from the smaller one or added to the larger
    one before we move this forward.
  * Removed from agenda until people add to lists required or otherwise want to add back
    to the agenda.

### nodejs/TSC

* Nominating @BethGriggs to the TSC [#718](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/718)
* doc: update TSC charter [#698](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/698)
  * discussed today in the CPC meeting and it was agreed that it is ready to land.
  * Michael has submitted PR to clarify CPC governance for review/approval of
    charters so may wait until that lands to go ahead and land this.

* Tracking issue for updating TSC on Board Meetings [#476](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/476)
  * No board rep currently.  Vote is open for Node.js board rep as well as issues with
    questions to the candidates.  Please review and make sure to vote.

* Strategic Initiatives - Tracking Issue [#423](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/423)
  * N-API - Setting up meeting with WASM team, some interesting work from Ali and Ohad
    from Google on that front.
  * More support for worker threads in terms of cleanup for native data. Not specific
    to N-API, Gabriel is doing some experimentation/implementations work.

* Build resources  - Rich
  * Some conversation spurred by Sam.  Need to talk to a number of the build WG
    Members. Wish had more progress.

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
