# Node.js Foundation Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2019-10-23

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LnzUQGF8FCo
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/768

## Present
* Anatoli Papirovski @apapirovski (TSC)
* Beth Griggs @BethGriggs (TSC)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Jeremiah Senkpiel @Fishrock123 (TSC)
* Geoffrey Booth @GeoffreyBooth (guest participant, from modules team)
* Gireesh Punathil @gireeshpunathil (TSC)
* Jan Krems @jkrems (guest participant, from modules team)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Myles Borins @MylesBorins (TSC)
* Sam Roberts @sam-github (TSC)
* Michaël Zasso @targos (TSC)
* Tobias Nießen @tniessen (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Michael: Reminder that submissons for collab summit and community corner are open.
  Please submit early if possible.

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

Board: Michael: board meeting this week no issues on board, please let me know if you have anything to add.

CPC: focus is on onboarding new projects, but also new projects as well. This includes Node.js so we’ll need to go through the checklist. Some things related to code of conduct etc. Matteo and Joe will lead this effort.

### Modules WG Q/A

* Short discussion last week, but was just enough to start conversation.
* Modules WG put together explainer doc
* Modules WG have joined to be available to answer any questions.
* Michael: how many people have had time to read the explainer doc.
  * This is the doc: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rgXyCQP6S694MzkXla8rbRwqCSY9Eb2lFIOgLZoEw5k/edit#
* Geoffrey: Modules meeting is later today so if you have time to read and
  want to ask questions you can possibly attend.
* Jeremiah: This issue is very complicated so hard for someone outside of the
  Modules group to ramp up.
* Myles: at this point team is getting closer to solution, at this point probably makes sense
  to leave to the modules team.
* Sam: the issue is that if you require and import a module you can get a different copy from
  the require and the import.
* Myles: yes.
* Sam: even in CommonJS there is a risk since you can end up with different versions due to
  nested modules with different versions. Same applies to instanceof
* Jan: Agree this already occur. The new thing is that existing practices around monitoring
  npm ls don’t help. The only way you can manage as an owner is to not mix require and import.
  This then makes it hard to add import.
* Sam so what is the key disagreement?
* Myles it’s about allowing 2 different entry points for a package. Ie you get something different
  based on whether you import or require. This is what introduces the hazzard.  The result is
  import and require get 2 different instances. There are also some caching issues which means
  order of import and require can lead to getting either the same or different instances.
  * 2 schools of thought
    * already exists, we should provide some guidance but not prevent
    * hazard is so bad, we should not introduce new versions of it

### nodejs/node

* fs: add missed FSWatcher.prototype.start deprecation [#29989](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/29989)
  * Rich: believe the method has already been removed in 13.0.0 so we've missed
    the opportunity to add a deprecation warning in 13.0.0.
  * Anna (in issue tracker comment): made suggestion on policy for how we handle this in the future
  * Rich: believe we can kick back to the issue tracker as no urgency at this point.
  * Michael: removed TSC agenda tag

* build: ongoing list of actions for Python 3 compatibility [#25789](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/25789)
  * Sam, talked to Christian yesterday, Python situation seems ok
    * Python 2 is preferred but if not present then Python 3 will be used
    * Running Python 3 tests in CI.
    * As new machines come up they may only have Python2 so we’d test that
    * At this point we should keep our ears out for any issues
    * In another month we may consider if we should make Python 3 preferred.
    * Myles a couple of months to 2.7 end of life, any plan to co-ordinate?
    * Sam, don’t think we need to co-ordinate, although others may have different
      thoughts.  Important this is that end users can now choose to use only
      Python 3 if that is what’s important to them.
    * Myles, is making Python 3 preferred SemVer major?
    * Sam not sure?
    * Myles, would like at least on master for default to be 3 once its end of life.

### nodejs/admin

* Collaborator Summit - Montreal 2019 [#416](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/416)
  * Leave on so that we continue to remind people.

* Transfer jenkins CI tool tap2junit into Node.js org [#413](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/413)
  * Sam: Will ask Christian, lets leave on to next week.

### nodejs/modules

* Divergent specifier hazard [#371](https://github.com/nodejs/modules/issues/371)
  * Covered by modules Q/A above, removed agenda tag.

## Strategic Initiatives
* Jeremiah: Streams, will have a session or sessions at collab summit
* Michael Z: V8, working on integration of 7.9 into master
  * looks to be blocked by macOS issue (Xcode 8)
  * 7.9 will not be stable this month anyway.
* Had to patch a few files to gyp in canary. V8 removed embedded built ins
    Don’t think we used it, would be a concern if node.js embedders use it
    Also removed ability to build V8 without snapshots.  Michael Z will follow up
    with Myles to see if we think there is a risk to native modules.

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
