# Node.js Foundation Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2019-11-06

## Links

* **Recording**: <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XCX5qfuT8tw>
* **Minutes Google Doc**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/773>

## Present

* Beth Griggs @BethGriggs (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Franziska Hinkelmann @fhinkel (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Gabriel Schulhof @gabrielschulhof (TSC)
* Gireesh Punathil @gireeshpunathil (TSC)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (TSC)
* Sam Roberts @sam-github (TSC)
* Tobias Nießen @tniessen (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Gabriel - welcoming @legendecas
* Meeting times may have shifted for people due to return to standard time
  * let @mhdawson know if you think we should re-evaluate the meeting times

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* Board Update - nothing on the project board for items to bring to the board
  * <https://github.com/nodejs/admin/projects/1>
  * A number of policies (IP, trademark etc.) agreed/will be published soon.

* CPC Update
  * CoC PR to move to Stage 3 (adoption) some discussion/input from new projects
    * <https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/379>
  * Existing project onboarding (Joe/Matteo leading for Node.js)

### nodejs/node

* macOS Installer Requires Notarization To Be Run Under Catalina and Beyond [#29216](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/29216)
  * Short on OSX experts, people with cycles
  * Need help/volunteers, if nobody steps up to help.
  * Michael: some discussion about only fixing for latest LTS releases.
    * any objections?
  * Matteo, does not affect nvm, so we maybe we can point to that.
    * only affects pkg
    * still good to fix
  * At this point we believe pkgs will stop working for Catalina in Jan and we
    don’t have a plan/volunteers to fix that.

### nodejs/admin

* Should we host a code and learn in Montreal [#432](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/432)
  * Don’t have a volunteer
  * Tobias -> challenges with CI currently as well that would make it a challenge
  * Gireesh -> we should look at topics and consider for later in the year.
  * Posted into issue: discussed in today's TSC meeting, no volunteers. Since we
    need to provide an answer unless there is a volunteer to run it by end of day
    today (Nov 6) we'll let the conference know they can get the time back.
    Matteo will let the conference org's know based on issue.

* Collaborator Summit - Montreal 2019 [#416](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/416)
  * reminder that collab summit is occurring and please submit sessions.

## Strategic Initiatives

* N-API
  * planning a 2.0 release
  * working on workshop for Node+JS interactive

No leads present from any of the other strategic initiatives

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
