# Node.js Foundation Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2019-10-16

## Links

* **Recording**:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZDNU8_FEEvQ
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/766

## Present

* Anatoli Papirovski @apapirovski (TSC)
* Beth Griggs @BethGriggs (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Gabriel Schulhof @gabrielschulhof (TSC)
* Gireesh Punathil @gireeshpunathil (TSC)
* James Snell @jasnell (TSC)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Myles Borins @MylesBorins (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)
* Sam Roberts @sam-github (TSC)
* Tobias Nießen @tniessen (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements
  * Myles - last week AMP project announced as joining OpenJS foundation incubation program
    * another lager project.  More to come.
  * Michael - nvm was also announced last week.
  * Rich - call for people to test with 13.x RCs that Beth has been putting out.  Release is
    planned for next Tuesday.
  * Matteo - collaborator summit occuring at Node+JS Interactive. Please consider coming,
    travel fund is available, call for topics is open.  No fixed deadline, but as soon as possible
    to help organizers.
  * James - NodeConf.eu - will be having small Code+Learn.

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* Matteo:
* Michael: board meeting next week, let me know if there is anything that needs to be raised

### nodejs/node

* doc: stop managing CVEs [#29936](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/29936)
  * Sam added to the agenda
    * Currently manage CVEs ourselves, we can get them to manage the CVEs.
  * James
    * Has been effective to be able to do it ourselves
    * Believe was also intended to be used for ecosystem. Michael -> that would be
      different CNA.
    * Also have option to use github
    * Would prefer not to depend on a third party.
  * Sam can leave it there until its an issue.
  * Myles, maybe we should try out doing a CVE,
  * Michael, we should doc process using H1 before dropping
  * Sam, will leave on hold for now.

* console,util: revert #23162 [#29592](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/29592)
  * Trott added to agenda
  * Anatoli, not sure if branching as SemVer major is worth it since we’d still have LTS
    line which has the behaviour.
  * Myles, is behaviour specified at all in the WhatWG spec for console
  * James, no WhatWG is browser specific and underspecified.
  * Myles, longer terms look at doing spec work in WhatWG.
  * Michael, easy pros/cons?
  * Rich, not sure people will notice
  * Sam, many people use console so we may see ecosystem impact
  * James, don’t consider my pref to revert strong. Like the change but not the breakage.
  * Rich, getting the sense we should be conservative so we should not land it.
  * James, option to run with new behaviour.
  * Sam, only do that if we get complaints
  * Colin, switched to do not revert
  * Sam, stick with current behaviour
  * James, starting to believe with sticking might be right way to go
  * Gireesh: not able to make up mind yet.
  * James: Anybody on the call that who thinks we should revert
    * Nobody spoke up.
  * Chalker: Reason for revert?
    * James: concern over it being breaking

* module: resolve `@` as a self-reference [#29327](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/29327)
  * As of 12.2 not behind their own flag, (still behind modules flag)
  * Can add export map section to package.json to limit what can be exported through
    something like require(‘lodash/fp’)
  * talking about how you would self reference (references in your own map).  Something
    like require(‘~/fp’).
  * This issue primarily has consensus on landing, but high level question is which sigil to
    use @ or ~. For example: require(‘@/fp’) || require(‘~/fp’), import ‘@/fp’ || import ‘~/fp’
  * Some objections to ~ as it already means things on linux, could be confusing as it does
    not refer to home directory.  ~ has also been used in some other cases
  * Since request, behaviour has been moved behind flag while they work on investigating
    ecosystem interaction.
  * Does anybody have strong feelings on the issue
  * James agree with concerns with ~
  * Rich, experimental TSC does not need to decide
  * Sounds like TSC is split.
  * Gabriel, scripts use ~ for $HOME
  * Myles, those in favor ~ being HOME for module makes sense.

* build: ongoing list of actions for Python 3 compatibility [#25789](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/25789)
  * npm landed, has new node-gyp
  * might even been working with Python 3

### nodejs/admin

* Collaborator Summit - Montreal 2019 [#416](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/416)
  * Matteo

* Transfer jenkins CI tool tap2junit into Node.js org [#413](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/413)
  * Push discussion to next meeting

### nodejs/modules

* Divergent specifier hazard [#371](https://github.com/nodejs/modules/issues/371)
  * Myles, tied closely to unflagging modules
    * Some modules team members believe we are ready to unflag, but leave as
      Experimental
    * Others feel we are not ready to unflag. Specifically for dual mode modules
      (working in both module systems), strong disagreement if dual mode is a
      feature that should be introduced.
      * There are 2 different caches, ESM always of modules loaded into commonJS
      * CommonJS on the other hand does not know what is going on in ESM cache
      * Can end up with 2 different instance of the same module. Possibly not
        good practice to depend on singleton, but it is done.
    * Key questions
      * Should dual mode modules block unflag?
      * Should node protect against that hazzard.
  * Chalker can you provide links to some of the issues:
  * Myles:
    * https://github.com/graphql/graphql-js/issues/1479
    * https://github.com/webpack/webpack/issues/7973
    * https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app/issues/5234
  * Rich
    * Urgency?
  * Myles
    * Would like to land in 13.1
  * Sam can attend WG meeting.
  * Myles will send email to TSC with Modules meeting time and will answer questions.

## Strategic Initiatives

* out of time so skipped this week.

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
