# Node.js Foundation Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2019-05-15

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kVZT46Z7epw
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/704

## Present

* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* James Snell @jasnell (TSC)
* Gabriel Schulhof @gabrielschulhof (TSC)
* Myles Borins @MylesBorins (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)
* Sam Roberts @sam-github (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

  * Myles - Call for submissions for Node+JS Interactive is open, please submit. https://events.linuxfoundation.org/events/nodejs-interactive-2019/program/call-for-proposals-cfp/

### nodejs/node

* src: enable V8's WASM trap handlers [#27246](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/27246)
  * now has required 2 TSC approvals, does not need discussion in meeting

* benchmark: refactor buffer benchmarks [#26418](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/26418)
  * A vote has been started on the issue. Let continue in issue tracker until next week.

### nodejs/TSC

* doc: update TSC charter [#698](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/698)
  * Myles will take to board next Friday.

* Tracking issue for updating TSC on Board Meetings [#476](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/476)
  * Board meeting next Friday.
  * CPC is now officially formed.
  * Sarah Novotony has left Google and Myles will take on Google’s corporate seat.  By current
    Governance CPC is eligible to have one rep from all of Node.js.
    * We should open issue in admin repo to discuss our Board representative.
    * Michael will open issue to start discussion on how to elect the board representation.

* Strategic Initiatives - Tracking Issue [#423](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/423)
  * Modules - couple of major contentious issues, file extension resolution, allowing dual mode
    Modules.  Discussion around export maps.  New field in package.json to explicitly state
    deep modules, would help define contract as to what is public or not. Last discussion is
    around how to require esm, is controversial. Still hopeful on timeline to unflag by October.
  * Open Web standards
    * TC39 meeting just after JSConfEU in Berlin.
    * Will be session at upcoming collab summit

  * N-API
    * Continue work on key issues and evangelism

  * QUIC/HTTP3
    * Working on implementation in nodejs/quic, idea is to implement basic quic protocol and
      Http3.
  * plan to show at collaborator summit
  * NearForm and protocol labs are sponsoring time it.

  * Build resources
    * Was going to discuss with build team in meeting this week but was cancelled.

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
