# Node.js Foundation Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2019-03-13

## Links

* **Recording**: <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kJ1P0sQ9pBw>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/673>

## Present

* Anatoli Papirovski @apapirovski (TSC)
* Anna Henningsen @addaleax (TSC)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Daniel Bevenius @danbev (TSC)
* Gabriel Schulhof @gabrielschulhof (TSC)
* Gireesh Punathil @gireeshpunathil (observer)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Myles Borins @MylesBorins (TSC)
* Jeremiah Senkpiel @Fishrock123 (TSC)
* Rod Vagg @rvagg (TSC)
* Ali Ijaz Sheikh @ofrobots (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* Matteo, call for proposals for NodeConfEU open, please join: <https://sessionize.com/nodeconf-eu-2019/>.

### nodejs/node

* Nominating Gireesh Punathil (@gireeshpunathil) to the TSC [#26186](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/26186)
  * Confirmed through votes on chat + those in comments on the issue for the meeting. 10 which
    is greater than ½ so Welcome Gireesh :)

* Distrust Symantec root certs [14537](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/14537)
  * use the NSS cert list, but since we don't have a whitelist we will allow more certs
    than Mozilla does use the NSS cert list but remove symantec, which means we will allow
    less certs than Mozilla does (but our users are more technical than Firefox browser users
    -- well, some are -- and they have programmable access to add the symantec certs)
    reverse engineering the Mozilla whitelist code, and reproduce it in node.js, so we allow exactly the certs that Mozilla allows
  * Rod, we don’t know the scope of  what might be disallowed.  That’s why Mozilla has
    Taken an incremental approach.
  * Nikita, only 3 companies that are in the whitelist that give 10-15 certificates
  * Michael, suggesting we do something for 12.x? Nikita, not sure
  * Rod’s proposal
    * leave as is for now, but look for solution to follow Mozilla
    * We have allowed ourselves to bump minor for security even if major, so we could
      possibly do it in 12.x
  * Rob might flag in the release notes that it might occur in a minor between 12.x and the
    Release. Only makes sense if we have a volunteer. Nikita wonders about licencing we
    can’t just take Mozilla code. Rod the code would be different anyway but we could
    look at it for inspiration.
  * Nikita, proposal sounds good (Michael +1 as well)
  * Get proposal into the issue and go from there.

### nodejs/TSC

* Tracking issue for updating TSC on Board Meetings [#476](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/476)
  * Myles, inaugural OpenJS Board meeting this monday
  * A legal work required is done, and Foundation launched. Board has identified
    next steps and communication will follow.  Major next step is form CPC.
  * At lot of workflow will be figured out in the next bootstrap meeting on Monday.

* Strategic Initiatives - Tracking Issue [#423](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/423)
  * Modules - Proposal for upstream modules implements.  Pull request hopefully later
    today. Hoping it will land for 12.x and possibly get backported to 10.x.  No semver
    major changes (outside of es module implementation which was experimental so
    does not apply)
    * major change is addition of type to package.json
    * file extension and directory resolution
    * defaults that align with consistent behaviour across runtimes, but with flag to
      have some other options.  Then adjust based on feedback.
    * Experimental json modules support (based on WHATWG implementation)
    * Important that we get it into 12.x, hoping to unflag by LTS.
    * PR will include all of the docs, blog post also being put together, reference will
      be include for that as well.

  * N-API
    * tsfn, N-API version 4.x backport landed in 10.x, only 8.x left

  * OpenSSL Evolution
    * 1.1.1 on track to be backported to next 10.x (important step)
    * TLS 1.3  on track to be landed in master, and discussion on how to
      backport to earlier releases.  Plan would be to backport to 10.x but
      would require flag to enable.

  * Workers
    * Ironing out a couple of the last issues.  Want to get it out of experimental
      for 12.x (its a goal, not 100% sure it will happen).
    * Have issue for talking about what it needs to be out of experimental.
      * For reports of production use.

  * New Stream APIs
    * Stalled, no progress to report

* Async Hooks
  * There was a lot of discussion of Async Hooks and related topics at the recent Node.js Diagnostic Summit.
  * [PR](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/26540) for new Async storage API
  * [Doc](http://bit.ly/making-async-hooks-fast-enough) related to improving async hooks performance
  * Full details in the summary and [videos](https://github.com/nodejs/diagnostics/issues/203#issuecomment-472534669)
    for the recent Diagnostics Summit.
* Open Web standards
  * new key value store for web that presented, was using namespace that was using
    ‘std:’. Just shows one example of what might be used.

### nodejs/admin

* Checklist to address changes due to move to OpenJS Foundation [311](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/311)
  * <https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1bLTnriy4sCnoOb7yTC0QWuApuGC8lChCcr_7A3UxEPc/edit#gid=0>

### build

* Platform/compiler proposal for 12.x from Build WG.
  * Rod provided an overview of <https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1bLTnriy4sCnoOb7yTC0QWuApuGC8lChCcr_7A3UxEPc/edit#gid=0>

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
