# Node.js Foundation Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2019-09-11

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lxcc9StuoPQ>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/753>

## Present

* Beth Griggs @BethGriggs (guest participant)
* James Snell @jasnell (TSC)
* Jeremiah Senkpiel @Fishrock123 (TSC)
* Joyee Cheung @joyeecheung (TSC)
* Gireesh Punathil @gireeshpunathil (TSC)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Tobias Nießen @tniessen (guest participant)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)
* Sam Roberts @sam-github (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Matteo - if coming to Node+JS interative in Montreal, please remember to also come to the
  collaborator summit which is the following 2 days.

* Bethany - preparations have started for 13.x release. Following the guide in Node.js repo.
  SemVer major cutoff is around Sep 22nd.

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

\*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* CPC side
  * Matteo: working away doing the job. Few projects applying, working through the process
    for the first time.
  * Michael: added
    * heads up that summit repo moved over, proposal to have support for surveys move over
      to OpenJS org as well.
    * work on CoC handling. Check it out here if you are interested: <https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/271>

* Board
  * nothing new to report this week.  Nothing in admin project board trackikng project requests to
    the board.

### nodejs/node

* deps: define OPENSSLDIR and ENGINESDIR explicitly [#29455](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/29455)
  * low CVE, fixing on 8.X would be breaking. Change path for OpenSSL configuration file
    on Windows to a protected location. Recommendation is to not fix on 8.x. General
    agreement if you object please comment on the issue.

* OpenSSL sec releases upcoming [#29445](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/29445)
  * Releases were delayed, but happened this morning
  * Shigeki has looked and does not think they apply except for “fork protection” but Sam
    does not believe that applies.  Believe they don’t affect Node.js at all.  Therefore
    Will just update openssl in regular release when it makes sense. Sam will roll updates out
    on master and then we’ll let the backports roll out normally.
  * Bethany LTS releases likely 3 weeks ok, so good to get merged into 12.x but others
    can flow normally.
  * Sam will PR now so that we don’t miss LTS release but no rush to land can follow regular
    process

* src,lib: make ^C print a JS stack trace [#29207](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/29207)
  * Matteo: issue going back and forth a bit. Good for more TSC people to engage.
    Introduces behaviour similar to Python where CTRL-C generates a stack trace.
    Tagged for TSC to get TSC attention.
  * Gireesh, in general in favor of options that improve debugging. Don’t necessarily see
    the benefit on this one. When CTRL-C may be at some arbitrary point.
  * Sam mentioned Ben’s comment that python developers don’t seem to mind the
    Behaviour.  Could be very noisy.
  * Joyee: tried branch before, current implementation has some issues. Executing JS
    in an interrupt is have some issues, so you might get weird errors that has nothing
    to do with your application.  This likely needs to be addressed before it moves forward
    as it’s easy to replicate using cluster.  Need to have opt-in/opt-out
  * James: use command line flag to enable. Trace sigint.
  * Joyee: that has been raised in the issue, but concern that it’s not as useful
  * James/Joyee make experimental behind flag?
  * James would be +1 guarded by flag and experimental.
  * Matteo to comment in issue with ask that TSC members comment on their preferred
    approach

* stream: don't emit error after destroy() [#29197](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/29197)
  * Matteo, Matheus would like to land
  * lpinca is in opposition
  * James: in PR add documentation to clarify the behaviour
  * Matteo: iterate a bit more, need second TSC approval as SemVer major.  Then quite
    likely that will move for a vote next week.

* build: ongoing list of actions for Python 3 compatibility [#25789](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/25789)
  * Today is a red letter day because our Travis CI tests all passed on Python 3. nodejs/node#29451 -> <https://travis-ci.com/nodejs/node/builds/126947698> Thanks to all who have been involved!
  * We are far from done with our port to Python 3 but passing these tests is an important milestone.
  * The WIP PR nodejs/node#29451 is an amalgam of several different PRs that need to be upstreamed/downstreamed/sidestreamed/pairstreamed so all help is greatly appreciated.
  * nodejs/node#25789 is our ongoing list of todos. My sense is that nodejs/node#2587 should be reviewed and landed. nodejs/node-gyp#1844 should be fixed to pass the tests and then reviewed and landed.
  * Help needed on nodejs/node#29326 and nodejs/node#29415 112 days until Python 2 end of life.

* http2: make compat finished match http/1 [#24347](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/24347)
  * Fishrock, believe there unrelated changes in the PR, this need to be resolved before it can
    progress.
  * Rich will remove the agenda tag for now
  * James, leaning towards Anatoli’s interpretation that it is not theoretically correct will change
    this review to reflect that.
  * Jeremiah does change it to be consistent with the docs.
  * James a change may be appropriate but the current change does not seem correct. Lets
    let it continue to work through the process.

### nodejs/TSC

* Next weeks meeting conflicts with Modules Team [#748](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/748)
  * Current suggestion is to move 1 hour later, based on spreadsheet
  * Michael will update the calendar entry.

* Nominating @tniessen for the TSC [#746](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/746)

* Nominating @BethGriggs to the TSC [#718](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/718)
  * Agreed that these can move forward.
  * As per charter needs vote
    * All those in the meeting in favor
    * Will post to nomination issues stated that earlier +1s will be considered as yes vote
      unless objection added to issue by end of this week
    * Michael will tally votes at end of the week and generate PR's to add to TSC if appropriate

### nodejs/admin

* Moderation team recertification [#408](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/408)
  * Need to do each year
  * Should get list of active individuals and just recert those who are active
  * We should also figure out how we nominate/ask for additional people to join
    * Please nominate anybody you think would be good
    * If you would like to join please nominate.
  * Rich will identify the active/non-active in a list and then we can use that to
    recert.

## Strategic Initiatives

* N-API: working on workshops, also starting to work on some issues reported on thread safe
  Functionality (which has been quite popular)
* New Streams: no update and future progress is likely to be slow.
* Open Web standards: no update this week
* Python3: update done above
* Quic/HTTPs: underlying changes have broken a bunch of stuff. Working on PR to add to
  core under configure flag(targeting end of Sep).
* Startup Performance: opened [an V8 issue](https://bugs.chromium.org/p/v8/issues/detail?id=9668) for speeding up v8::External unwrapping which blocks snapshot integration. Working on it.
* Build resources: Finding a good path invariably leads to making Windows tests more reliable.

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
