# Node.js Foundation Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2019-09-18

## Links

* **Recording**:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c1f-T4GvFqU
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/755

## Present

* Anna Henningsen @addaleax (TSC)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Gabriel Schulhof @gabrielschulhof (TSC)
* Jeremiah Senkpiel @Fishrock123 (TSC) (Partially)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Myles Borins @MylesBorins (TSC)
* Sam Roberts @sam-github (TSC)
* Tobias Nießen @tniessen (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* No announcements this week.

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

  * Michael: Next board meeting is 1 week from Friday. Nothing on the admin project board to discuss
    at this point, please let me know if there is anything I should be brigning up.

  * CPC update.
    * Michael: Mostly work on governance around how projects are review/brought into foundation. As
      discussed before also work on moving Travel fund up to OpenJS level and Code of Conduct handling
      process.

    * Myles: good time to get involved if you have views on strategic procjects to have in foundation
      or the process to review/accept projects.

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/node

* src,lib: make ^C print a JS stack trace [#29207](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/29207)
  * Myles: would be good to get feedback from people who write/use tools
  * Discussed further in the meeting at mentioned tooling team, next step is to get their
    feedback. Still no consensus.
  * Sam points out that it does not seem to bother any Python users. Optional features that
    you have to turn on are not a good way to get feedback.
  * Myles, if we are able to deal with some pushback from community, ship by default (in 13) and
    then flip default for the flag if we get major complaints.  Myles to add as comment on the
    thread.

* stream: don't emit error after destroy() [#29197](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/29197)
  * Discussion progressing in the issue, no question to TSC.  Remove from agenda.

* build: ongoing list of actions for Python 3 compatibility [#25789](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/25789)
  * Next major thing is that changes need to be made in node-gyp, and cycle back into Node.js
    which would then let us get Node.js CI green with python 3
  * Then next question is how we test it.

* http: remove legacy parser [29589](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/29589)
  * Remove legacy http parser, question is that SemVer major, should it land in 12.x?
  * Sam, has there been an LTS were llhttp was the default. Good fan of deleting code
    but if its default for all of 12.x then to delete in 13.x orderly and expected. But what’s the
    hurry.
  * Myles, what if we split the differences, for security reasons we can land SemVer Major’s as
    Minors.  Add warning if you use the old parser and message that warns user that it could
    be removed.
  * Anna, lets just make it a SemVer major, not ideal outcome but ok with it.
  * Jeremiah, some consensus that after 10 is out of service, then we’d be ok with dropping
    support for the code.
  * If somebody feels strongly about warning, then do PR.

* deps: update V8 to 7.8 [29493](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/29493#issuecomment-532259819)
  * Myles, will follow up again and see if we can help from the V8 team to get a patch on top of
    7.8
  * Discussed upping the minimum in the docs even though we won’t test with that minimum until
    later.  Michael to post that suggestion in the issue to see if we can get consensus on the
    build team front.

### nodejs/admin

* Moderation team recertification [#408](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/408)
  * We discussed this proposal:

    * Re-certify the following people:
      * @benjamingr
      * @bnb
      * @ljharb
      * @othiym23
      * @ryanmurakami
  * We should not re-certify these people as they have voluntarily removed themselves from the team
    or have not responded, but can always be added at a later time if they decide they want to be
    part of the team:
      * @dshaw
      * @hackygolucky
      * @gdams
      * @gibfahn
      * @thefourtheye
Those in attendance did not raise objections and will be counted as +1 votes for that proposal.
Michael to post that in the recert issue and to ask rest of TSC members to vote.

## Strategic Initiatives

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
~
