# Node.js Foundation Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2019-04-17

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LiuRaDfTmVw
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/691

## Present

* Gabriel Schulhof @gabrielschulhof (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Michaël Zasso @targos (TSC)
* Myles Borins @MylesBorins (TSC)
* Sakthipriyan Vairamani @thefourtheye (TSC)
* Sam Roberts @sam-github (observer)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)
* Joyee Cheung @joyeecheung (TSC)
* Gireesh Punathil @gireeshpunathil (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* Myles, 8.16.0 released yesterday, includes some N-API fixes to ensure compatibility across
  Node.js versions 10.x and higher.  Unsure if there will be any more minors since 8.x is in
  maintenance.  If you are listening please chime in release repo.

### nodejs/TSC

* TSC Elections Chair and CPC representative. [#689](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/689)
  * There for awareness, if you are interested please nominate yourself.
  * Myles, once CPC forms Myles will no longer be director representative for TSC.  At that point
    there will be an election for director (Node.js has one directorship for first year) but Myles will
    not stand for re-election. If you are interested in the role you can reach out to Myles for more
    info.

* Tracking issue for updating TSC on Board Meetings [#476](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/476)
  * Board have been around reviewing and approving budgets etc. that are needed to move
    the merge forward. Next meeting is Friday the 26th. If there is anything that needs to be
    brought to the board let Myles know.

* Strategic Initiatives - Tracking Issue [#423](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/423)
  * Modules
    * recently landed new implementation
    * updated flag recently related to entry type
    * big thing that still needs to be done is how to handle custom loaders, some issues with it
      that are preventing from upstreaming it
    * otherwise goal is to stabilize and try to get out of experimental before 12.x LTS, also
      looking at backport to 10.

  * N-API
    * Continuing to work on evangilism. Working on workshop proposal for upcoming
      NodeConfEU and Node +JS conference.  Would be good to find other conferences
      were we can get exposure to a good number of module developers as well.
    * Working on issues relates to AsyncWorker and coming up with a number of solutions

  * OpenSSL evolution
    * OpenSSL 1.1.1 in master and 11.x, should be in next 10.x
    * TLS 1.3 will be in next 11.x and 12.x, needs to be explicitly enabled on 11.x, but is on
      by default for 12.x
    * Next step is FIPs, that involves a big refactor of OpenSSL.  They expect this in
      OpenSSL 3.0.0 this fall, but it looks like there will be a gap between when 8.x goes out
      of service and 14.x is available (first version we think may be able to include an
      OpenSSL release that supports FIPS).

  * Governance
    * Once CPC forms, will need to update, once that happens we can spin it down.

  * V8 Currency
    * nothing to report

  * Open Web Standards
    * Myles, at ECMA committee meetings, learning more about how it works.  TC 39 2
      weeks before.  Top level await is moving forward, may see implementations by the
      end of the year.
    * built in libraries is also moving forward, at least 2 are using approach
    * mjs standardization at ietf is moving forward slowly
    * Under OpenJS looking at if we can have representatives from the projects
      participate in the standard orgs.  Figuring out how that might happen without undermining
      the funding  methods that they current leverage.

* Python and Gyp
  * A number of platforms don’t have python 3 in their package systems.
    * older OS’s in particular don’t have python 3

* Startup Performance
  * Just landed patch to ship embedded code cache, will appear in v12.  Still not
    enabled on cross compiled builds
  * working on snapshot

Build Resources
* Nothing much to report this week. Will put together brief doc describing the problem and
    proposed solutions get some input and then figure out next steps.

### nodejs/security-wg

* HackerOne's managed services [#516](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/516)
  * Sam, no objections, Rod, Matteo in favor. Not super clear what we will get but we’ll
    give it a shot.

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
