# Node.js Foundation Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2019-04-24

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=31wQvrGt5Hg
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/695

## Present

* Anna Henningsen @addaleax (TSC)
* Anatoli Papirovski @apapirovski (TSC)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Franziska Hinkelmann @fhinkel (TSC)
* Gabriel Schulhof @gabrielschulhof (TSC)
* Gireesh Punathil @gireeshpunathil (TSC)
* Jeremiah Senkpiel @Fishrock123 (TSC)
* Myles Borins @MylesBorins (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Sam Roberts @sam-github (observer)

## Agenda

### Announcements

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/node-gyp

* v3.8.1 proposal [#1718](https://github.com/nodejs/node-gyp/pull/1718)
  * Issue is already closed.  Vuln in node-tar, fixed in version 4.X but node-gyp was not
    using that.  Update for node-gyp was semver-major.  Node-gyp version 4.x is now released
    so immediate issue was addressed. If people want a fix in node-gyp version 3.x it would
    need a change in node-tar first, discussion is ongoing: https://github.com/npm/node-tar/issues/212#issuecomment-486331373
  * Was not an exploitable issue for node-gyp itself.
  * Issue was only open for 12 days, so no real problem in terms of timing either.
  * @chalker mentions that the vulnerability in node-tar did not effect node-gyp’s use of tar
  * https://github.com/nodejs/node-gyp/pull/1718#issuecomment-485610857 is relevant

### nodejs/node

* Piping w/ spawn is broken in Node 11 [#27097](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/27097)
  * Anna came up with fix: https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/27373/.
  * agenda tag removed.

### nodejs/TSC

* Call for Papers (CFP) review process for Node+JS Interactive - Sarah from Foundation.
  * Making a few changes to the CFP review process
  * Had a CFP review committee last year, hoping to make it broader this year
  * Want to make sure there is an open invitation to participate: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/bootstrap/issues/148
  * Have 2 co-chairs who will be final decision makers on content:
    * Tracy Hinds
    * Christian Bromann
  * https://docs.google.com/document/d/1c0y-XSssZdEZGyCo0FVU6Wnd2TM3Ye-63xi18xjKVGM/edit

  * There has been some discussion around changing the name of the conference.  Two options
    being discussed.
    * Some feedback from TSC members that name suggestions don’t communicate the reason
      for the conference so we need to be careful in what we choose.
  * Planning for blog post that outlines process once ready to send out CFP.

* Nominating @jasnell to rejoin TSC [#694](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/694)
  * No objections, additional +1's tallied, Michael will check numbers and open PR tomorrow
    if applicable.

* TSC Elections Chair and CPC representative. [#689](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/689)
  * No objections to proposal, additional +1's tallied, Michael will check numbers and
    we can close if applicable tomorrow.

* Tracking issue for updating TSC on Board Meetings [#476](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/476)
  * Board meeting scheduled for Friday.
    * Nothing on the agenda from TSC
  * Open job posting/call for Executive director position for OpenJS Foundation
    * Will find out what info he can share about the number of applicants etc.

* Strategic Initiatives - Tracking Issue [#423](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/423)
  * Modules - node 12.x new modules impl available, blog post went out
    * Main current debate is around dual mode
      * Is recommendation of upgrading from common JS to ES6 semver major?
      * Do we want to try and require ESM ? Have thought it was not possible but no consensus on that
      * Proposals around specific exports
      * If you have opinions please talk to Myles
  * N-API
    * continued focus on supporting adoption, working on workshop for conferences.
  * OpenSSL evolution
    * nothing new
  * New Stream APIs
    * No progress, looking at progressing on libuv side
  * Open Web standards
    * Some work that we need to do as a foundation as a whole, relationship with W3C and
      ECMA.
  * Python 3 and GYP
    * Myles may try to get some additional resources from Google to help out.
  * Build resources
    * Last week, a doc describing the problem and possible solutions was promised
      for this week. There is a draft (containing the problem description only at
      this point) in an open Build repo issue and it is being actively discussed.

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
