# Node.js Foundation Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2019-11-20


## Links

* **Recording**: https://youtu.be/yTIZKW2wFnI
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/777

## Present

* Beth Griggs @BethGriggs (TSC)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Gireesh Punathil @gireeshpunathil (TSC)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Michaël Zasso @targos (TSC)
* Sam Roberts @sam-github (TSC)
* Tobias Nießen @tniessen (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Matteo, collaborator summit in a few weeks. Please add session proposal

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates
 
*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* CPC 
  * Focus is on onboarding
    * https://github.com/openjs-foundation/project-onboarding/issues/1


* Board
  * meeting this week
  * Only issue to bring to board is CommComm charter update FYI


### nodejs/build


* New strategy for managing, sharing and documenting release keys needed [#1913](https://github.com/nodejs/build/issues/1913)
  * Bethany will put on the Release WG agenda, and come back with feedback/proposal for
    TSC.


### nodejs/admin


* Collaborator Summit - Montreal 2019 [#416](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/416)
  * FYI, head up please 


## Strategic Initiatives


* N-API - preparing for workshop and 2.0 version of node-addon-api
* Core promise APIs - massive PR that has been open for 6 months, is close to being ready to 
  land. Will add experimental promise support for event handlers.  PR helps address common
  problem that developers run into.  Please review/comment: https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/27867
* V8 Currency - nothing of note
* Python 3 & Gyp - still some dusty corners, not all google tooling supports python 3
* cmake - Michael mentioned this. Ben has been looking at it any may start working to push it
  forward.  Want to make sure there is agreement that it is a reasonable way to move forward
  and we had some discussion in the meeting around that. Please comment in the issue
  If you have any concerns. https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/648

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
