# Node.js Foundation Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2019-12-04

## Links

* **Recording**:  https://youtu.be/WZ4QQGKQUnI
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/785

## Present
* Beth Griggs @BethGriggs (TSC)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* James Snell @jasnell (TSC)
* Joyee Cheung @joyeecheung (TSC)
* Gireesh Punathil @gireeshpunathil (TSC)
* Gabriel Schulhof @gabrielschulhof (TSC)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Michaël Zasso @targos (TSC)
* Tobias Nießen @tniessen (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* James, collaborator summit next week as part of Node+JS Interactive, 2 following days
  are collaborator summit.

* James, next year as part of NodeConf.eu event, 2 days in advance Node specific
  collaborator summit.

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates
 
*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.
* CPC update
  * Lot of activities on the onboarding side.  
  * More work on the Code of Conduct side of things
  * Skipping new few weeks due to holidays

* Board 
  * 2 issues have been raised, nothing to report at this time

### nodejs/TSC

* Meetings over the holiday Weeks [784](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/784)
  * Planning to cancel Dec 25th and Jan 1st.
  
* Strategic initiative to move to cmake for building Node.js? [#648](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/648)
  * will remove from agenda, should be PR to add to list of strategic initiatives soon.

### nodejs/admin

* Collaborator Summit - Montreal 2019 [#416](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/416)
  * covered under announcements.

## Strategic Initiatives

* Michael - N-API: working on workshop  NJSI next week.  node-addon-api 2.0 released

* Core Promise APIs
  * Landed event emitter, promise rejections https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/27867

* V8: 9 issues to fix for update to 8.0. Help needed. https://github.com/nodejs/node-v8/issues/127
  * compilation failures
  * freeBSD, smartos, windows and IBM 

* James,Quic/HTTP3 - making good progress, about 1 week away for PR into core (as early
   experimental), massive PR.

* Startup performance:
  * Adding documentation about node_mksnapshot and mkcodecache.
  * Working on v8::External optimization (so that we can go back to the context-independent v8::External which can be included in isolate snapshots, instead of using the embedder field which can’t)

* Build resources - still discussing with board, nothing to report at this time.

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
