# Node.js Foundation Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2019-08-07

## Links

* **Recording**: <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HZsAWJgaaB0>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/740>

## Present

* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Franziska Hinkelmann @fhinkel (TSC)
* Jeremiah Senkpiel @Fishrock123 (TSC)
* James Snell @jasnell (TSC)
* Myles Borins @MylesBorins (TSC)
* Sam Roberts @sam-github (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

2 releases yesterday! Thanks, Ruben and Beth!

### nodejs/node

* process: improve nextTick performance [#25461](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/25461)

Rich: Can likely skip for now. Conversation is moving in PR. Discussing Anatoli’s concerns. Leave on agenda for next week.

* Building with full-icu by default [#19214](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/19214)

James: The concern has been doubling the binary size. If that’s an issue, enabling by default is good. If that’s still a concern, though…

Jeremiah: Doing this would require more builds. I don’t think the default builds should use full ICU. It makes the binary much bigger. Might be memory implications. Just makes things heavier.

Myles: It would add about 11 Mb to the git checkout, but the git checkout is already 500Mb. The binary would be 30% larger. Compile time is comparable. I’d like to see the binary slimmed down, especially for things like serverless environment. Non-negligible increase in cold starts. Would love to see evidence of people specifically requesting it. Those who are working directly with i18n want to see it of course. But I’ve not seen a large number of individuals asking for it. We could always make an extra full INTL build as an extra target. Concerns were raised about the bandwidth bill, but I’m not concerned. I could look into Google helping subsidize if it’s a big deal.  Maybe let’s kick it back to GitHub for comments.

### nodejs/TSC

* Strategic Initiatives - Tracking Issue [#423](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/423)

Modules (Myles): Aiming to hopefully unflag before 12 goes LTS (although it is likely to still initially be experimental). Need to figure some things out, such as whether we want to not allow dual entry points, etc. We’re also working through exports (allowing you to define the exports of a module) and loader hooks.

N-API: No one present.

Workers: No one present.

Core Promise APIs: No one present.

Governance (Myles): Will remove this from strategic initiatives list.

Streams (Jeremiah): Awaiting feedback and finding time to schedule a meeting.

V8 Currency: No one present.

Open Web Standards (Myles): We have a standards initiative spun up under OpenJS. The idea is to run a pre-meeting before TC39. This is all still very high level.

Python 3/GYP (Rich): Let’s not forget that we should invite @cclauss as a guest to these meetings to keep us updated on Python 3 progress and problems that need addressing.

HTTP/3 (James): QUIC support: Things are moving along. Issues getting it to work within existing Node.js API and API expectations, but making progress. Hoping to open PR in experimental. HTTP/3 itself, is not yet started.

Startup Resources: No one present

Build (Rich): Please take a look at <https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/28858> and help get that across the finish line.

### nodejs/admin

* Tracking issue for update on CPC and Board Meetings [#395](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/395)

Myles: Biggest thing with the CPC this week were the landing of the official process for new projects applying to the Foundation. Other big thing is discussion about moving administration of the travel fund out of Node.js admin and into OpenJS. This does not mean Node.js can’t have its own separate travel fund, but it would be a smaller fund for non-Foundation-related activity. Also, checkout <https://lists.openjsf.org> and sign up for stuff you’re interested in. As for the board, the next board meeting is the 23rd. If anyone has something to be brought to the board, now is the time to raise it. Since Michael Dawson is out of office, feel free to ping Myles instead (who is Google’s rep on the board).
