# Node.js Foundation Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2019-11-27


## Links

* **Recording**:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pj2WOID9vNI
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/780

## Present


* Anna Henningsen @addaleax (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Jeremiah Senkpiel @Fishrock123 (TSC)
* Joyee Cheung @joyeecheung (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)
* Sam Roberts @sam-github (TSC)
* Tobias Nießen @tniessen (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Anna - Discussion with V8 team on pointer compression (use smaller pointers than 64 bit to
  save space, often 32 bits to start, limits it you to 4G memory for the heap).  Provides
  substantial space savings.  Anna is going to write up document to capture discussion
  to share with TSC and  public

* Sam/Rich reminder that 8.x goes EOL at the end of December…

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/node

* src: improve embedder API  [#30467](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/30467)
  * Anna: On agenda for awareness, and due to some feedback that approach is not
    appropriate, but seems to be moving forward now.
  * Joyee: talking about the specifics of the current API surface,
  * Anna: but not objecting to specific approach.
  * Joyee: Wanted to see more use cases/tests but if there are examples, tests etc. then not
    objecting to approach/concept.  Blocker is showing use cases/demos
  * Can take it back to github. Remove agenda tag.

### nodejs/TSC

* Strategic initiative to move to cmake for building Node.js? [#648](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/648)
  * Michael quick update, asking for objections.


### nodejs/admin

* Collaborator Summit - Montreal 2019 [#416](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/416)
  * Reminder to submit sessions, sooner the better as schedule probably filling up.

## Strategic Initiatives

* N-API team working on Workshop for Node+JS Interactive hope to see you there.
  * Also working on node-addon-api 2.0 release.

* Streams - moving repo into core, planned session at Node+JS Interactive
  * good likelihood will not move forward unless we find new champion.

* Open Web standards - defer to discussion when Myles is present.

* Python 3 and Gyp, no update.

* Startup Performance
  * People who used shared library are having issues with code cache, and snapshot builder.
    Currently fixing build process to address.
  * also working to fix build process that is currently 2 steps, one without unresolved symbols

* Build Resources
  * Michael gave presentation to board as requested, back on the board side for next comeback.

* General:
  * Joyee: we should write down the weekly progress report of strategic initiatives and read them
    in meetings instead of having champions (who need to be TSC at the moment) present
    coming up with reports at each meeting. Also the pool would be bigger if we ping teams to get
    a report instead of pinging the champion.
  * Rich: +1
  * Michael Dawson: would be great if this is PR’ed into the meeting template:
    https://github.com/nodejs/create-node-meeting-artifacts/tree/master/templates

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
