# Node.js Foundation Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2019-07-24

## Links

* **Recording**: <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Y_lSGZSkZc>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/734>

## Present

* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Jeremiah Senkpiel @Fishrock123 (TSC)
* Gabriel Schulhof @gabrielschulhof (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Sam Roberts @sam-github (TSC)
* Michaël Zasso @targos (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

\*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* Michael: OpenJS board meeting this Friday
* Rich: 12.7.0 released
* Michael: OpenJS project mailing list is a great way to keep up with what's going on at the CPC. Jory does a
  great job of sending out a summary after each meeting as well as including other things of note: 
  <https://lists.openjsf.org/g/projects>
* Jerimiah: doing review of youtube account access

### nodejs/node

* process: improve nextTick performance [#25461](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/25461)
  * Defer until next week or until we get a hold of Anatoli

### nodejs/TSC

* Nominating @BethGriggs to the TSC [#718](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/718)
  * Discuss in private segment

* Tracking issue for updating TSC on Board Meetings
  [#476](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/476)
  * Next meeting is this Friday. Michael - no issue in board and not aware of any
    issues I should be taking to the board. Will report back next week.

* Strategic Initiatives - Tracking Issue [#423](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/423)
  * Python 3 and Gyp
    * cclaus will start giving us updates to review through updated markdown file to highlight
      blockers or where help is needed.
  * Streams - Jeremiah has had time to work on it has made
    * Progress update: <https://github.com/Fishrock123/bob/issues/40>.
    * Trying to organize meeting around effort to discuss some of the key issues.  <https://github.com/Fishrock123/bob/issues/43>
    * Planning to move into Node.js org soon

* V8 currency
  * Michaël Zasso: nothing special to report this week

* Build resources - Rich, Michael D, Rod have had some discussions. Nothing to report
  but moving forward slowly.

## Q\&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
