# Node.js Foundation Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2019-01-23

## Links

* **Recording**: <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qamraECS-EM>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/655>

## Present

* Anatoli Papirovski @apapirovski (TSC)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Gabriel Schulhof @gabrielschulhof (TSC)
* Jeremiah Senkpiel @Fishrock123 (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)
* Sakthipriyan Vairamani @thefourtheye (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/node

* repl: emit uncaughtException [#20803](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/20803)
  * Untagged from agenda.  For awareness needs TSC members to review to make progress.

### nodejs/TSC

* NODE_MODULE_VERSION for Electron Major Releases [#651](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/651)
  * Issue is with projects that bundle Node.js but use different versions of the
    dependencies (for example V8 or OpenSSL)
  * Gabriel - single number poses some issues as it means that more versions of the
    binaries.
  * Michael, in terms of unbreaking 651 would it make sense to allow new version to be
    grabbed and then figure out longer term approach.
  * Gabriel, making it easier to grab a number is good anyway so we can start with that.
  * Discussion in the meeting is that we just need a PR to bump the ABI number in master
    but Gabriel ‘volunteered’ to confirm process and comment in 651 on what specifically to
    do.
  * Gabriel will also create a new issue to continue discussion around whether we want
    to assign bits etc. (PoC is in <https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/25539>)

* Tracking issue for updating TSC on Board Meetings [#476](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/476)
  * No Myles today so no update.

* Strategic Initiatives - Tracking Issue [#423](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/423)
  * Streams: Stalled. Waiting on people who know more about current streams implementation.
  * N-API
    * Focus on getting Thread safe function API non-experimental and backported in time for planned 8.x SemVer minor
    * Update to release process to allow for N-API backports in Maintenance mode
  * Python 3 and Gyp (PRing into list)
    * Being kicked off, thanks @thefourtheye

## Q&A, Other

* No questions today.

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
