# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2020-10-29

## Links

* **Recording**: <https://youtu.be/tKQRw8fAClo>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/942>

## Present

* Beth Griggs @BethGriggs (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Gabriel Schulhof @gabrielschulhof (TSC)
* Gireesh Punathil @gireeshpunathil (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Myles Borins @MylesBorins (TSC)
* Michaël Zasso @targos (TSC)
* Tobias Nießen @tniessen (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Gabriel - new webidl-NAPi project to translate webidl to NAPI code
* Michael - 14.x went LTS this week !

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* Board meeting this week. Nothing new that I have to bring up with them.

### nodejs/node

* [34895](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/34895), blocked on on TSC approvals.
  * new top module -> diagnostics_channel
  * @Qard owns namespace in npm, so no chance of collision
  * Needs 2 TSC approvals
  * No objections/concerns raised in the meeting.

* Backporting `util/types`, `path/posix` and `path/win32` to v15 proposal [#35788](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/35788)
  * Myles, concern not with this change, but policy around new named modules, /xxx promises
    is getting in the way. We should find some sort of pattern, or be ok with more ecosystem
    Breakage.
  * Rich past discussion, but no agreement on what the namespace should be.
  * Myles, have started using node: loader internally. Can be used with ES Modules,
    natural next step would be to port that over to CommonJS.
  * Michael, since we have a name no reason to use anything anything.

* Rename default branch from "master" to "main" or something similar [#33864](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/33864)
  * No update this week.

### nodejs/TSC

* More visibility for TSC on performance issues [#940](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/940)
  * Some discussion around if this makes any sense
  * Tracking issue that occasionally put on the agenda?

### nodejs/admin

* Audit Google account access [#389](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/389)
  * no update on that.

### nodejs/security-wg

* Potential stagnation of open issues on h1 bounty program [#654](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/654)
  * Discussion, general support from those in the meeting that TSC members
    support shutting down the program.
  * Myles can check if they have a replacement at GitHub for places people
    can report vulnerabilities.
  * Rich will reach out to some involved parties on the team to discuss winding it down.

## Strategic Initiatives

* Modules - Myles, open PR to backport last bit of feature work to 12.x before it
  goes to Maintenance mode.  Landed stabilization some parts.  Having discussion
  on what needs to be done to make it non-experimental. Believe we are
  a few weeks before we can call it stable.
* Build resources
  * No update.

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
