# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2020-04-16

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://youtu.be/Q4fwAlOOa4g>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/848>

## Present

* Anatoli Papirovski @apapirovski (TSC)
* Anna Henningsen @addaleax (TSC)
* Beth Griggs @BethGriggs (TSC)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Franziska Hinkelmann @fhinkel (TSC)
* Gabriel Schulhof @gabrielschulhof (TSC)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (TSC)
* Matheus Marchini @mmarchini (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Michaël Zasso @targos (TSC)
* Myles Borins @MylesBorins (TSC)
* Shelley Vohr @codebytere (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)
* Ruben Bridgewater @BridgeAR (TSC)
* Tobias Nießen @tniessen (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/node

* Nominating @puzpuzpuz as a collaborator [#32555](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/32555)
  * Anna, onboarded earlier this week

* Nominating @juanarbol as a collaborator
  [#32621](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/32621)
  * Will be onboarded later this week.

### nodejs/docker-node

* Suggestion for dropping Yarn from Node 14 release [#1238](https://github.com/nodejs/docker-node/issues/1238)
  * Rich: Robust discussion in the issue, several TSC members have chimed in.
    Suggest continue discussion in the GitHub issue and leave the `tsc-agenda` tag on
    issue in case an impasse is reached, but it does not look like we are there yet.

### nodejs/TSC

* TSC Chair Election 2020 - proposed schedule [#849](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/849)
  * on agenda as  FYI.

* Node.js future directions - any interest in online or in person summit? [#797](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/797)
  * Analoli, do vote in the issue as to whether we should move forward or not.
  * Michael to add a few options, ask TSC on the list.

### nodejs/admin

* Install github dco app for use in ci-config-travis and ci-config-github-actions repos [#492](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/492)
  * on agenda for FYI, agreed ok to proceed if no objections in issue within 72 hours.

## Strategic Initiatives

### V8 currency:

- V8 8.1 is now stable. v14.0.0 will go out with it as planned.
- V8 8.3 will enter beta tomorrow. @mmarchini is working on the update for master [here](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/32831).
  - There's an open question about ABI-breaking changes in it: do we want to include some of them in v14.0.0 to make it easier to upgrade V8 in a future minor release of v14.x? We only have a few days left to do that.
- Canary is in a relatively good shape. We've got one test failure to investigate (related to WeakRefs, an experimental JS feature): <https://github.com/nodejs/node-v8/issues/156>

### QUIC

* work on the implementation is continuing. The OpenSSL patch did not require any updates for
  OpenSSL 1.1.1f. We'll see what happens with the upcoming 1.1.1g. As a backup plan, I have
  started investigating what it would take to implement the QUIC support as a native addon and
  the work is absolutely *not* trivial. The implementation currently relies on a significant part of
  Node.js core internals that are not exposed via N-API so the ideal path is still landing in core.

### Build resources update

* Based on the request to the Board for help find build resources we've had a few new
  volunteers raise their hand from Google and GitHub based on the encouragement from their
  Board Directors.

* At the same time options for hiring resources that would help resolve key, urgent problems that
  get in the way of collaborator progress are being explored in parallel as it was/is not clear if we
  can get enough new volunteers with enough time to address the resource
  issues we've raised.  I've  gotten some feedback from the most active build WG members to
  scope what we might do initially and will work with resources proposed by the Foundation
  to see if the cost is something that might be reasonable.

### Modules update

* Aiming to remove warning for Node.js 14 (likely after 14.0.0 due to timing)
* Aiming to remove some of the current warnings on 12 in an upcoming release
* Aiming to remove the flag in 12.17.0
* Ecosystem adoption of new features is growing and biggest issue for adoption
  at the moment appears to be flags + warning not behavior or desire to adopt

### Core promise APIs (@mcollina)

* Nothing new this week to report.
* Myles, maybe we want to switch this to “Modernizing APIs”

### Startup Performance
* PR open to add more data in the startup snapshot by
  default.<https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/32761>. Some discussion would be good if those
  familiar with C++ could jump into the discussion.

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
