# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2020-05-14

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://youtu.be/1GatHafSXBg>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/863>

## Present

* Beth Griggs @BethGriggs (TSC)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Daniel Bevenius @danbev (TSC)
* James Snell @jasnell (TSC)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Michaël Zasso @targos (TSC)
* Myles Borins @MylesBorins (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)
* Ruben Bridgewater @BridgeAR (TSC)
* Sam Roberts @sam-github (TSC)
* Shelley Vohr @codebytere (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/node

* src,win: Replacement of unsupported versions of Windows runtime exit. [#33108](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/33108)
* Dispute of "block running on EOL Windows versions #31954" - Alternative Suggestion [#33034](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/33034)
  * <https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/33176>
  * James, raised concern about env variable, but happy given explanations.
  * In general TSC would be happy with 33176

* process: Throw exception on --unhandled-rejections=default [#33021](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/33021)
  * Matheus mentioned its moving forward well.
  * nothing else to discuss this week.

* \[Regression in 14.1.0 - Windows\] `stdout` is sometimes empty [#33166](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/33166)
  * Matteo: specific combinations of build then run environment needed to
    cause.  Seems to be hit in github actions. Problem is that we don’t
    have enough windows expertise. Tracked down to a commit, don’t
    understand why that commit affects the failures seen, but backing
    out resolves the issue.
  * Rich any objection to revert. No
  * Michael, not ideal but seems that revert is the right answer now.
  * Chalker, does failing case use the feature?
  * Matteo, no, but passed through code that is modified by the feature
  * Chalker, maybe we can split the code path so that if you are not
    using the feature the code is not changed.
  * James, has not been able to build an environment where it
    Recreate.
  * Michael Z, can we ask that the change be refactored to avoid
    changes to the module loader as that is most likely were the issue
  * Matteo still recommend revert and then look at suggestion by Michael Z
  * Rich, revert sounds reasonable
  * No concerns with that approach from those in meeting
  * Matteo will revert and then well go from there.

### nodejs/TSC

* Node.js future directions - any interest in online or in person summit? [#797](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/797)
  * Summit session proposed, taking of agenda.
  * James: possibly related, Tierney opened issue about review contribution process and
    policies. <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/864>.  Might be worth time doing a
    collaborator survey based on kubernetes survey.

### nodejs/admin

* Approval to enable github pages for node-addon-examples [#503](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/503)
  * On agenda for FYI.
  * James would be ok, for team decided.
  * Rich, would prefer if we have issue admin repo.
  * Sam, I think an admin issue is good practice. They get rubber-stamped, but
    I think some kind of org-wide notification is a good idea. Nobody has ever been told “no”
    unreasonably (to my knowledge)
  * Myles, would be good to have admin issue, don’t necessarily want proliferation of
    different sites.
  * James, instead of policy, have best practices

* Audit Google account access [#389](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/389)
  * Brian has proposal in issue.

## Strategic Initiatives

* Build Resources (@mhdawson)
  * No update since last week.

* V8 Currency (@targos)
  * V8 8.3 landed on master. Backport open for v14.x: <https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/33376>
  * Canary (V8 8.4) compiler error on Visual Studio 2017: <https://github.com/nodejs/node-v8/issues/157>
  * Discussion around whether we should drop Visual Studio, Matteo should we just build with
    clang ?
  * Michael Z will ping windows team as we still need it for 14.x that does support VS 2017
  * James, concern is mostly around add-ons versus Node.js itself

* Modules
  * Landed PR to unflag modules in 12.17
  * Doing some QA, would be good if people can try out the RC, should be as close as possible
    to what is in 14.x
  * Biggest change being discussed is top level await (it is pretty much stable in chrome). PR
    opened by Gus adding it under a flag, required some changes to the options processing.
    Does need more review of the options parsing changes. Would like to land before
    next weeks 14.x release. Plan is to only land unflagged in Node.js after it is unflagged in
    Chrome.

* Core Promise APIs
  * nothing this week

* QUIC
  * ongoing refactor to make it easier to review, taking a bit of time but making process
  * James: If you need a walkthrough just let me know, happy to take you through it
  * Will be behind compile time flag for quite some time.

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
