# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2020-08-06

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dSUmfk4mlRE
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/900

## Present

* Anatoli Papirovski @apapirovski (TSC)
* Beth Griggs @BethGriggs (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Shelley Vohr @codebytere (TSC)
* Gireesh Punathil @gireeshpunathil (TSC)
* James Snell @jasnell (TSC)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (TSC)
* Matheus Marchini @mmarchini (TSC)
* Myles Borins @MylesBorins (TSC)
* Tobias Nießen @tniessen (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)


## Agenda

### Announcements

* Unhandled Rejection Survey draft (https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/902): Comments/feedback welcome. Proposal to prepare a blog post to share with the survey and increase visibility. But we also don’t want to delay the survey. Will have to shorten or remove summary because SurveyMonkey only allows 4000 characters. So maybe the summary can be a blog post? Either way, the survey is almost ready. Please review.



### CPC and Board Meeting Updates
 
*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/node

* Rename default branch from "master" to "main" or something similar [#33864](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/33864)
  * GitHub is still sorting out the details of forwarding for git clients and what will and won’t be supported.
  * Myles had proposed doing this on a non-core repo (nodejs.dev and/or citgm). Myles opened issues on those repos. Myles will see about getting this moving in those repos.
  * Anatoli and Myles discuss the importance of clear messaging around the lifecycle of the transition.


### nodejs/TSC

* Resigning from CPC Voting Member [#898](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/898)
  * Matteo will put a comment in the issue calling for people to volunteer/self-nominate over the next two weeks. 

### nodejs/admin

* Audit Google account access [#389](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/389)
  * Rich will follow up with Brian in email to see where things are and will report back next week.

## Strategic Initiatives

* QUIC: Ongoing development. No major new developments
* Core Promises API: Stream API internal functions can now be async functions.
* Startup performance: still working on the upstream V8 issue, nothing to update.
* Modules: 
  * Conversations around design decisions related to file extension resolution have picked up again. At the moment there is nothing actionable
  * Discussions regarding package.exports has resulted in feedback that some developers were surprisingly broken on 12.x when they were unflagged. A discussion is being brought to the Release WG
  * Top-Level Await was unflagged on master. It is currently blocked from landing on 14.x until specific behavior around rejections is agreed upon
* V8 Currency: Update to V8 8.5 (and beyond) is still blocked on https://github.com/nodejs/node-v8/issues/161 because of a build issue on Windows. It is not clear what we can do to fix it.

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
