# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2020-03-18

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://youtu.be/krd8TtkSfWI>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/838>

## Present

* Beth Griggs @BethGriggs (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Franziska Hinkelmann @fhinkel (TSC)
* Gabriel Schulhof @gabrielschulhof (TSC)
* Gireesh Punathil @gireeshpunathil
* Matheus Marchini @mmarchini
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Michaël Zasso @targos (TSC)
* Myles Borins @MylesBorins (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)
* Ruben Bridgewater @BridgeAR (TSC)
* Sam Roberts @sam-github (TSC)
* Shelley Vohr @codebytere
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Michael: Foundation info on OpenJS World status in context of COVID-19,
  <https://openjsf.org/blog/2020/03/17/openjs-world-and-the-covid-19-novel-coronavirus-situation/>

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* Board
  * Guidance on member companies provided additional directed funding documented here:
    <https://openjsf.org/about/project-funding-opportunities/>

* CPC
  * OpenJS foundation is looking for new content for blog (deep technical content)
  * OpenJS looking for developer profiles, reach out to Rachel or Matteo
  * MacOS, notarization, common certs etc.
  * Looking for candidates to nominate to the CoCP panel (Node.js can optionally
    provide one).
  * Continuing activity on projects joining
  * Chartering of the standards team in progress, will be “supporting” role as opposed where the
    standards work takes place.
  * Collaboration Network - <https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/497>

### nodejs/node

* Solid Node.js with official type system support [#32022](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/32022)
  * remove label and continue discussion in Github.

### nodejs/TSC

* Election for the Voting Representative for the OpenJS Cross-Project-Council (TSC rep) [#835](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/835)
  * Discussed in meeting, no objections to confirming Matteo. Will give people until the
    * End of week otherwise will be confirmed.  Thanks Matteo.

* Re-nominate @gireeshpunathil to TSC [#829](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/829)
  * skip until people are confirmed.

* Node.js future directions - any interest in online or in person summit? [#797](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/797)
  * Some good comments/suggestions for additional topics. Will plan on doing revision
    to incorporate early next week. If can you please review add suggestions before then.

### nodejs/admin

* Additional org owned by Node.js project  for package maintenance team [#470](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/470)
  * TSC has not objections to separate org, Michael has action to discussion with CommComm
    as well.

## Strategic Initiatives

* Modules: Things continue to move forward.  Current discussion is when to remove the
  final warning (Making non-experimental). Discussing timeline (possibly around Node.js 14.x
  going LTS in October) but others believe we can do sooner.  Would still stay as experimental.
  * Matteo, not convinced we should remove warning until it is stable.
  * Myles, believe it is pretty much production ready. Work is around improving warning and
      edge cases.
  * Matteo, have a number of specific cases that are not yet covered, will share list as
      input to the experimental exit criteria
  * Myles do want to get to point were we remove warning before it exits Experimental so
      that we do get more adoption before doing that.
  * We remove warnings for Async Hooks, promised APIs, possibly N-API.  Don’t think
      we have any governance that requires warning for Experimental
  * Next step is to document criteria to be met before removing the warning. Already at the
      point were there are no plans for major changes.

* Core promise APIs, still moving forward, some areas like http where not sure yet what we
  should do.

* V8 Currency
  * Matheus working on update to 8.1. Will be pushed today should be ready for
    Node.js 14.x. Version 8.2 branch has been created. We might be able to get it
    * Myles what are the update plans.  8.1 for 13.x
      * Michael Z not likely as 8.1 is quite breaking and we never updated 8.0 in master.
    * Myles, for 12 are we able to update any more?
      * Michael Z. Anna believed it would have been difficult to update to later version.
        Currently no plan to update V8 anymore in 12.x
      * There are some pref issues with the version of V8 in 12.x (note fixed in later versions0
        Cloning is an example. Michael Z believes there is a backport that might help address that.
    * Myles if we can get some benchmarks that show issues and then try to get
      V8 team to get involved.
    * Next step is to open issue in V8 issue.

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
