# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2020-05-07

## Links

* **Recording**: <https://youtu.be/dMHjPXMdSQM> (wrong account but better
  than  nothing)
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/860>

## Present

* Anatoli Papirovski @apapirovski (TSC)
* Beth Griggs @BethGriggs (TSC)
* Ruben Bridgewater @BridgeAR (TSC)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Gabriel Schulhof @gabrielschulhof (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Matheus Marchini @mmarchini (TSC)
* Myles Borins @MylesBorins (TSC)
* Sam Roberts @sam-github (TSC)
* Michaël Zasso @targos (TSC)
* Tobias Nießen @tniessen (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)
* Brian Warner @brianwarner (guest participant, Linux Foundation)

## Agenda

### Announcements

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* No announcements this week.

### nodejs/node

* src,win: Replacement of unsupported versions of Windows runtime exit. [#33108](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/33108)
* Dispute of "block running on EOL Windows versions #31954" - Alternative Suggestion [#33034](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/33034)
  * active discussion in issue, lets let it go for another week.

* process: Throw exception on --unhandled-rejections=default [#33021](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/33021)
  * Matheus is working on survey, please comment, <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/857>
  * Question, hopefully ready for leave for next week
  * Leave on agenda while we work on it.

* http: align with stream.Writable [#31818](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/31818)
  * Vote in issue, achieved simple majority based on votes and abstains.
    * Yes: 9 (Trott, jasnell, mcollina, BridgeAR, mhdawson, mmarchini, addaleax, ChALkeR, targos)
    * No: 0
    * Abstain: 4 (gabrielschulhof, BethGriggs, sam-github, tniessen)

### nodejs/TSC

* Nominations for TSC Chair - Open April 16 through 30th 2020 [#851](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/851)
  * only one volunteer (Michael)

  * 10 +1s in issue for Michael to continue as Chair. Unless objection by Friday will proceed on that
    basis.

* Node.js future directions - any interest in online or in person summit? [#797](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/797)
  * Michael will submit session for OpenJS World summit.

### nodejs/admin

* Audit Google account access [#389](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/389)
  * Brian was in the meeting for another reason was volunteered discussion will continue in
    issue.

## Strategic Initiatives

* V8 Currency:
  * V8 8.3 PR is ready to land on master. Waiting for stable upstream release. <https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/32831>

* Promises:
  * There are some discussion around Thenable and AsyncLocalStorage in nodejs/node#33189.
  * Promise hooks (used by async_hooks) are going to get faster by nodejs/node#32891.

* Build resources:
  * Have gotten info from one potential provider, $ amount is larger enough that we need to consider how
    funds might be raised, that will take in range of months versus a shorter timeframe.

* QUIC:
  * There is no update this week. Progress on separating bits out that can be separated out.

* Modules
  * Landed unflagging of modules in 12.x, flag being removed does change how code
    executes. Had discussed with some people at Node+JS interactive, risk was
    tolerable. Talked about flag to disable as escape hatch. Release left it as move
    forward with unflagging, recognizing there is risk. If wrong, make sure can add flag
    to disable.

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
