# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2020-02-05

## Links

* **Recording**: <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p5fIPf94GuY>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/810>
* **Minutes Google Doc**: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1OmKotKXE12zGi3sTa8EkGdM4Ocpkrgy2M8BuFhTIK_0>

## Present

* Anna Henningsen @addaleax (TSC)
* Beth Griggs @BethGriggs (TSC)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Daniel Bevenius @danbev (TSC)
* James Snell @jasnell (TSC)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (TSC)
* Michaël Zasso @targos (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)
* Sam Roberts @sam-github (TSC)
* Tobias Nießen @tniessen (TSC)
* Vladimir de Turckheim (Guest)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Nominating Ruben Bridgewater (@BridgeAR) to the TSC [#811](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/811)
  * Will be invited as an observer to the next meeting.

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/node

* doc: add example for cipher.update() [#28373](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/28373)
  * Concern with content duplication.
  * Tobias requested changes - unable to land as-is.
  * Ruben added to the agenda so will defer discussion until next week.

* async-hooks: introduce async-storage API [#26540](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/26540)
  * Vladimir invited to give an overview of the current PRs.
  * Brought to the TSC to try and help move forward with one of the implementations.
  * Niche issue - discussion around whether to provide high-level or low-level API.
  * Diagnostics could not come to resolution.
  * Can we identify and list interested parties? - [#807](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/807)
    * Can we socialize to other projects that may be interested?

* lib: move GLOBAL and root aliases to EOL [#31167](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/31167)
  * James opened PRs to mark some long-term deprecated APIs as EOL.
  * Codebase is getting larger and there is a maintenance cost, we should remove what we can.
  * TSC should aim to take a look the EOL PRs and add share their opinions.

* src: remove duplicate env field from CryptoJob
  [#31588](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/31588)
  * Consider whether we should have wording/process to handle with the situations where there are two competing PRs.

### nodejs/TSC

* Executive summary: Introducing a CLS-like API to Node.js core [#807](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/807)

* Node.js future directions - any interest in online or in person summit? [#797](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/797)
  * Nothing time-sensitive, will be deferred until Michael is back.

### nodejs/admin

* Node.js Social Media Accounts [#454](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/454)
  * Since it's a joint CommCom and TSC discussion it may be worth waiting until Michael is back.
  * Waiting on a proposal.

## Strategic Initiatives

* QUIC
  * By Friday should have a draft PR updated based on current status in nodejs/quic
  * James aims to arrange a call to provide background for those interested to help them review.

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
