# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2020-10-08

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://youtu.be/Bv__hu8K7tw>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/935>

## Present

* Ruben Bridgewater @BridgeAR (TSC)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Gabriel Schulhof @gabrielschulhof (TSC)
* Mary Marchini @mmarchini (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Myles Borins @MylesBorins (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Myles - excited to share that Beth has cut the 15.0.0 RC 1, comes shipped with npm RC 3.
  Please try it out and let us know if you have any issues.

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/node

* Before this gets lost in the comment history of nodejs/node#35014, I’d like to get
  nodejs/node#34055 and nodejs/node#34962 into v15.0.0.
  * discussed and asked TSC members to review/take a look

* nodejs/node#34895 has also been mentioned
  * Mary is going to take a look to see if we can get it in to a later 15.x versus 15.0.0.
    There is potentially some preceedence from what we did with node report.

* lib: add EventTarget-related browser globals [#35496](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/35496)
  * Heads up to see if there are any objections? None voiced in the meeting.

* 2020-10-20, Version 15.0.0 (Current) [#35014](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/35014)
  * on agenda for FYI
  * PR that had caused deprecation with npm was backed out.

* Rename default branch from "master" to "main" or something similar [#33864](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/33864)
  * Next step is to switch over Nodejs.dev, slowly moving over issues.

* corepack
  * Myles: is corepack landing something we would consider to be SemVer major?
  * Mary: its not tagged as SemVer major...
  * Michael, if not SemVer major, don’t personally think that we should rush as it
    could go into a later 15.x
    * Mary thinking along the same lines

### nodejs/admin

* Audit Google account access [#389](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/389)
  * No progress.

## Strategic Initiatives

* Modules
  * Myles, released a few new features on 14.x including being able to do named exports on
    CommonJS modules, some great new features and patterns
    * major revamp of the documentation since quite a big of the features work both on CJS and
      ESM
    * one more SemVer minor expected for 12.x so that it will have similar features (except for top
      level await)
    * Not quite ready to say its stable, but getting close, maybe by the end of the year.

* Build resources
  * Nothing to report

* Future of build chain
  * Nothing to report

* Next 10
  * Working on what the constituencies need as the next step.

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
