# Node.js Foundation Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2020-01-15


## Links


* **Recording**: https://youtu.be/OUWOgaQEebY
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/801


## Present

* Beth Griggs @BethGriggs (TSC)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Gabriel Schulhof @gabrielschulhof (TSC)
* Gireesh Punathil @gireeshpunathil (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Myles Borins @MylesBorins (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)
* Sam Roberts @sam-github (TSC)
* Tobias Nießen @tniessen (TSC)

## Agenda


### Announcements

* No announcements today.
 
### CPC and Board Meeting Updates
 
*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* Michael: vote underway at board level for one off approval to cover travel request (see admin repo) is
  underway to cover as we don't have the 2020 allocation finaliazed yet
* Some discussion of travel fund at OpenJS level, if you have thoughts/concerns chime in on
  https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/441 
* Cross project Code of conduct team is going to be formed to discuss current proposal as MVP and then
  what cross project extensions might make sense in terms of moderation. If you are interested, please
  join in: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/432


### nodejs/node


* process: add CLI opt to hide experimental warnings [#31000](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/31000)
  * remove from agenda as TSC has proposed the direction it would support

* doc: add runkit embeds [#30241](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/30241)
  * @tolmasky from runkit will come to next week's meeting, we’ll defer further discussion until
    then.


* doc: add example for cipher.update() [#28373](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/28373)
  * Sam, personally think long-form examples under every method makes them harder to read,
    better to link to examples in other parts of the doc.
  * Tobias, also don’t like the idea of an example in every API section.
  * Sam: from the summit some people do think an example for every API makes sense, but
    also that they be runnable.
  * Tobias, example is already in the doc above, so addition does not add that much more info.
  * So TSC needs to have opinion on overall direction for the docs.
  * Please comment in the issue, and let's let the discussion continue in GitHub.

* async-hooks: introduce async-storage API [#26540](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/26540)
  * Michael gave a summary of the issue
  * Tobias, does it technically need to be in core? Some discussion around this
  * Sam: have not had time to look at issue.  But do have experience with continuous local
    storage and believe it is something that makes sense in core as it's common issue for APM
    and need coordination with core so good to be in core.
 * Rich: we should probably move forward on getting TSC consensus. Michael has action to open
   issue to do this.

### nodejs/TSC

* HackerOne monthly status meeting [#791](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/791)
  * Sync completed during private section of meeting.

### nodejs/admin

* Node.js Social Media Accounts [#454](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/454)
  * defer to next week for future discussion.

## Strategic Initiatives

* Did not have time this week for review

## Upcoming Meetings


* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar


Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
