# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2020-09-24

## Links

* **Recording**:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HdSUED_vYpo
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/929

## Present

* Anatoli Papirovski @apapirovski (TSC)
* Beth Griggs @BethGriggs (TSC)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Mary Marchini @mmarchini (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Myles Borins @MylesBorins (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)
* Guy Bedford @guybedford (Guest)
* Geoffrey Booth @GeoffreyBooth (Guest)

## Agenda

### Announcements

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates
 
*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/node

* module: CJS exports detection for modules with __esModule export [#33416](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/33416)
  * Release modules unflagged in 12.x, lots of feedback
  * Biggest frustration is that is does not support name exports for CommonJS modules
  * Tried different options including going through TC39, but no clear/spec compliant way
    of doing it.
  * Since CommonJS is dynamic you’d need to load the full module
  * Close to agreement on PR with addition of change to limit to just those with
     __esmodule export (typically added by transpilers like webpack).  Accuracy would
    be in the 90% range in this case, for all modules would be 70%
  * When it gets it wrong, you don’t get the export, objection is that it would be confusing
    if some modules work and others don’t. Error message would give them the correct
    action to do the default exports and read the name, so easy to recover, only true if import
    statement is 1 line.
  * Michael, does it need to be integrated?  Myles, Guy yes, no other way as needs to be
    integrated with v8 and platform.
  * Guy, feedback is the expectation is that this works, and when it is not its a detriment to
    The ecosystem
  * Guy, on the other hand it is a heuristic, so not 100% and can see the objection.
  * Added __esmodule flag as that improves the accuracy, but that only covers the transpilation
    case, so the restriction is too restrictive.  Guy, would prefer to have apply to all ES modules,
  * Collaborator would be blocking on that.
  * Mary, disagree that __esmodule flag approach gives higher accuracy. From user experience
    the user does not care if transpiled or not, so limiting to __esmodules actually reduces
    the accuracy. Better user experience to cover broader case. Should be able to improve the
    experience later on.
  * Michael only concern with respect to the proposed PR. 
  * Guy, performance has been raised around performance. For every import of CommonJS
    modules it does parse, but does not affect existing CommonJS code.  It’s also very fast so
    believe it will not have any performance impact.
  * Myles, possible to create tool that allows module authors to validate things are working as
    expected, to allow authors to fix issues. Geoffrey as opposed to getting people to game to
    address the alg, but instead create ES6 wrapper.
  * Michael, risk of breakage to 12.x. Myles will importing default change anything? Guy, in terms
    of backwards compatibility believe risk is minimal.
  * Chalker, if its about “it looks ugly” what are the consequences of each of “do”, “don’t do”
  * Guy, it’s smoothing over a problem and making it better.
  * Myles can see that on the education side it would be easier if you could say “there are no
    named exports for CommonJS modules” to a new developer, versus a “maybe”. Guy, similar
    to what rollup does.
  * Anatoli, one concern is that you could not go backwards, ie if it find export in v1, it needs to
    continue to be able to do that.
  * Geoffrey have semver minor due at end of October that might be possible if we get it land
    soonish (keep 2 week baking)
  * Myles would volunteer to do 14.x to get it out.
  * Agreed in meeting to raise immediate vote, with ranked choice.  Mary will prepare opavote
    and send out.
  * Order of operations
    * TSC members who want it to land, should approve
    * Myles will ping asking if there will be a block
    * If block, then do immediate vote
   
* punycode: runtime deprecation [#35092](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/35092)
  * Ran out of time, skipped until next time

* doc: change requirements for objection dismissal [#35037](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/35037)
  * removed from agenda.

* 2020-10-20, Version 15.0.0 (Current) [#35014](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/35014)
  * Ran out of time, skipped until next time

* doc: drop minimum waiting time as hard guideline [#33879](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/33879)
  * Mary will post recommendation to the issue, and close.

* Rename default branch from "master" to "main" or something similar [#33864](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/33864)
  * Ran out of time, skipped until next time

* fs: simplify copy operations and more cleanups [#31038](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/31038)
  * Ran out of time, skipped until next time

### nodejs/admin

* Audit Google account access [#389](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/389)
  * No update this week.

## Strategic Initiatives

* No time, skipped for this week

## Upcoming Meetings


* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar


Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
