# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2020-04-01

## Links

* **Recording**:
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/842>

## Present

* Anna Henningsen @addaleax (TSC)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Franziska Hinkelmann @fhinkel (TSC)
* Gabriel Schulhof @gabrielschulhof (TSC)
* Gireesh Punathil @gireeshpunathil (TSC)
* James Snell @jasnell (TSC)
* Joyee Cheung @joyeecheung (TSC)
* Matheus Marchini @mmarchini (TSC)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Michaël Zasso @targos (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)
* Ruben Bridgewater @BridgeAR (TSC)
* Shelley Vohr @codebytere (TSC)
* Tobias Nießen @tniessen (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* TSC AMA immediately after this TSC meeting
* Gabriel, new collaborator, @Himself65
* Anna, new collaborator @Flarna, and @mildsunrise

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

#### CPC
* Thanks for reconfirming me for next year
* CoCP ramping up we’ve put forward the Node.js representative
* Organization of summit is progressing, call for proposals is open, possible it may be virtual

#### Board
* Board met last Friday
* Nothing too much to call out*
* Brian actively working on tooling for signed off support.

### nodejs/node

* Nominate @Flarna as a collaborator [#32333](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/32333)
  * confirmed will be onboarded this week.

* Update npm on all supported release lines to address CVE scored 9.8 in minimist package [#32296](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/32296)
  * PR for every release line ready which handles this. Already landed on 13.x. Waiting
  for build change to allow build bot to build on OSX 15.x, plan is for them to be part
  of next 10 and 12 release (both on 7th).

### nodejs/Release

* Release cadence due to COVID-19 Pandemic [#553](https://github.com/nodejs/Release/issues/553)
  * Myles, chromium schedule now updated. 8.1 stable date of April 7th. Will be promoted
    to stable before the Node.js 14.x.
  * James, see discussion about landing features. Myles final agreement was that
    Current would stay the same, for LTS releases 12 delayed next SemVer minor by
    a month, 10 will stay in maintenance for a bit longer.  May be a bit more cautious in
    backports but not changes to policies.

### nodejs/TSC

* Review meeting date times [809](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/809)
  * 2 options with different advantages/disadvantages

* Node.js future directions - any interest in online or in person summit? [#797](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/797)

### nodejs/admin

* New repos for sample ci configs [#477](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/477)
  * On issue as FYI, will move forward if no objections by end of day today.

* QUIC PRs tagged after meeting issue generated
  * James has 3 PRs, opened to break it up.

## Strategic Initiatives

* No time so skipped for today

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
