# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2020-04-29

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://youtu.be/ZZz8wG05GJg>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/856>

## Present

* Anatoli Papirovski @apapirovski (TSC)
* Anna Henningsen @addaleax (TSC)
* Beth Griggs @BethGriggs (TSC)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Franziska Hinkelmann @fhinkel (TSC)
* Gabriel Schulhof @gabrielschulhof (TSC)
* Gireesh Punathil @gireeshpunathil (TSC)
* Matheus Marchini @mmarchini (TSC)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Michaël Zasso @targos (TSC)
* Myles Borins @MylesBorins (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)
* Ruben Bridgewater @BridgeAR (TSC)
* Sam Roberts @sam-github (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* OpenJS conference schedule announced

### nodejs/node

* Dispute of "block running on EOL Windows versions #31954" - Alternative Suggestion [#33034](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/33034)
* src,win: Replacement of unsupported versions of Windows runtime exit [#33108](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/33108)
  * We actively check windows version and exit if no longer supported
  * Complaints that not free upgrade from Windows 7 to Windows 10 so until an issue
    we should let it still run
  * Cons to changing, if there are problems before warning is displayed, then we can still
    get problems. It is also not easy to tell if  problem was related to running on Windows 7
    until after some investigation.
  * Those on windows team are opposed to removing check, but open to flag
  * Rich: Generally ok with letting people run, but very reluctant to go against the judgment of the
    Windows team folks (joaocreis, bzoz)
  * Chalker, anybody opposed to opt-out flag, still prints warning but allows binary to run
  * Anna, flag could have problems on end users.
  * Chalker, compile time flag might help those that want to build their own, but runtime flag
    would probably be enough.
  * Rich active conversation in issue, maybe jump in there, so that it’s fully documented.
  * Myles: are we consistent. Rich no, we do different things on other platforms

* process: Throw exception on --unhandled-rejections=default [#33021](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/33021)
  * Lots of ongoing discussion.
  * twitter poll
  * Draft of by survey for people to look at
  * Leave on agenda, for now.

* http: align with stream.Writable [#31818](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/31818)
  * Matteo: http outgoing message not a stream writable and has never been, cannot
    inherit from that class due to performance. For consistency Rorag, would like to align
    some of the error handling (throwing versus emitting). Matteo, going to vote since
    there is an objection.
  * Michael, ecosystem impact?
  * James has tagged a few people, and have tagged web-server terms to get some input
  * 8 +1 votes so far, please chime in.
  * Matteo, would be good to validate it does not break on-finished. Rich will check and comment in the issue

### nodejs/TSC

* Nominations for TSC Chair - Open April 16 through 30th 2020 [#851](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/851)

* Node.js future directions - any interest in online or in person summit? [#797](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/797)
  * Gireesh, they are important topics, in person session would work but best
    but given current environment, we should look for in person opportunity later this year.

## Strategic Initiatives

* Promises
  * Promises, we should resolve, process: Throw exception on --unhandled-rejections=default #33021

* Quick
  * QUIC ... no significant updates. Working on separating out non-QUIC specific bits from the PR to land separately.

* Build resources
  * Nothing to report this week.

* V8 currency
  * Nothing to report

* Modules
  * Unflagged and removed warning on 14, getting more feedback and seeing more adoption.
  * On track to remove flag on next 12.x SemVer minor
  * Most feedback is around loaders and what you can’t do (for example things rewire does)
  * Modules team a year ago separated out work on loaders as it was leading to stand-still
  * If looking to stabilize in ~Oct would be good to understand loaders reqs and do loaders
    need to be stable for modules to be stable? Matteo does believe loaders need to be
    stable if modules are stable.  Could be a good time to ask people from the Diagnostics
    WG.  Matteo, not feasible to run server in production without stable loaders.
  * Myles, we have loaders, but they can change.  Ask is for people to join in the discussion
    on the loaders side, need more support there.

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
