# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2020-02-19


## Links


* **Recording**: https://youtu.be/4tz8KsW_l9s 
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/820

## Present

* Beth Griggs @BethGriggs (TSC)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Gabriel Schulhof @gabrielschulhof (TSC)
* James Snell @jasnell (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Myles Borins @MylesBorins (TSC)
* Ruben Bridgewater @BridgeAR (observer)
* Sam Roberts @sam-github (TSC)
* Tobias Nießen @tniessen (TSC)


## Agenda


### Announcements


* CFP for OpenJS World closes this week (21st)


### CPC and Board Meeting Updates
 
* Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.



### nodejs/TSC


* Node.js future directions - any interest in online or in person summit? [#797](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/797)
  * James -> in person good if lined up with something else. Part of collaborator summit may
    make the most sense. Prefer not dedicated face to face trip.
  * Michael can we actually get 2 days along with everything else that is going on
  * Michael strong preferences virtual versus adding to collab summit
  * Gabriel virtual might be easier to line up
  * People in call are interested.  
  * Michael to propose time/date for virtual to see if we can line up participation.
  * Myles, could be useful to start putting together an agenda. That could drive whether 
    Virtual or in person would help if remote/virtual makes sense.
  * Maybe a call to talk through agenda, after open call to collaborators
  * Could be a recurring call as well.


### nodejs/admin

* Node.js Social Media Accounts [#454](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/454)
  * will take agenda tag off until there is a proposal

## Strategic Initiatives

* QUIC
  * Updated draft pull request, significant. Still massive pull request because openssl config
    needs to be updated. 87K lines changed. Do not try to use PR itself to review. Check out
    repo and open issues there.  
  * Most significant issue is going to be around OpenSSL support. 
    * To get it working need to backport APIs from OpenSSL 3 to OpenSSL 1.1.1
    * OpenSSL has decided that those QUIC APIs will not be in 3.0
    * If they add support will be in 3.1 and may do their own complete QUIC
      Implementation. Not clear they are clear on the needs
    * OpenSSL 3 beta is June
    * QUIC RFC does not go to approval until July
    * Means that QUIC must remain as experimental.
  * No functional changes if you are not using QUIC
  * Don’t think there is a risk, but QUIC will not work with dynamic openSSL
  * Patches are minimal changes to existing functionality
  * Sam, does mean all distro’s won’t have QUIC
  * Myles, will there be any code paths that affect dynamic openssl
  * Michael, are we too far on the bleeding edge here?
  * James, will provide list of other languages/runtimes moving forward with QUIC
    despite the openssl issues
  * James we may want to explore supporting boring ssl again
  * Tobias, would cause some loss of features
  * 2 commits, 1 for config change, 1 for addition of boringssl apis
  * Sam can you address that boringssl just changed the apis
  * Michael, does enable in shipping binaries
  * James, no you must use the QUIC configure flag
  * Sam in the middle of their biggest re-write.being ping on OpenSSL support, they
    are strapped just to get 3.0 out. Not doing QUIC is just a result of not having time
    nothing else.  
  * James, main issue is with how they are engaging.  People are willing to work on it
    as experimental, but response is dismissive.

* N-API
  * Still waiting on backports for 10.x  that we need for N-API 6.x

* Open Web standards
  * May make sense to spin down within Node.js project.  OpenJS foundation
    has standards group, work probably makes sense there.
    * group is looking to explore new standard bodies including OSI and Unicode consortium


* Build Resources
  * David from Google has started to engage
  * Have a few names from Microsoft that I’m going to touch base with and then connect to Build WG.

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar


Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
