# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2020-03-11

## Links

* **Recording**:  
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/834

## Present

* Anna Henningsen @addaleax (TSC)
* Anatoli Papirovski @apapirovski (TSC)
* Beth Griggs @BethGriggs (TSC)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Franziska Hinkelmann @fhinkel (TSC)
* Joyee Cheung @joyeecheung (TSC)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)
* Ruben Bridgewater @BridgeAR
* Sam Roberts @sam-github (TSC)
* Shelley Vohr @codebytere (Observer)
* Tobias Nießen @tniessen (TSC)
* Myles Borins @MylesBorins (TSC)
* Matheus Marchini @mmarchini (Observer)
* Sam Roberts @sam-github (TSC)

## Agenda


### Announcements


### CPC and Board Meeting Updates
 
*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* Bethany:  Node.js 14.x PR has been opened, will be updated each week.  March 24 is the
  SemVer major cutoff. After that point majors require no objections from the TSC to land in v14.x.

* Matteo: Progressing with collaborator summit, proposals are open at 
  https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit. Depending on situation 
  may be virtual an option depending on what happens with Covid-19. 

### nodejs/node

* Solid Node.js with official type system support [#32022](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/32022)
  * Some discussion of Node.js shipping its own types. Issue has differing views.
    Some prefer that they are shipped separately as they can be updated more easliy, others
    Believe that it would be better to be integrated into Node.js itself.
  * Added to agenda as don’t believe we can ignore TS.
  * If you add a new API, do you need to add types?  If they are there TS needs to pick
    them up. Not a decision we can make on our own.
  * Benefits either way.  
  * Matteo, not feasible to ask collaborators to add Types when they add a new API due to the
    extra context.  
  * Matteo, experience from shipping a framework that supports TS, its painful. 
  * Shelley, have people looked at how typings are generated in electron. It’s generated from the
    documentation.
  * Matteo, using JS Doc?  Shelley no, using own parser.
  * Shelley, parser should not be specific to electron
  * Tobias, problem is that if parser or doc has a bug that affects a lot more people. Shipping in
    Node.js would still potentially slow things down.
  * Ruben, there are other ideas for improving documentation as well
  * Chalker, if we improve doc and can generate types, we can generate for tests, for example if
    there are undocumented API. Was also mentioned that doc lags behind implementation. Any 
    concrete examples?
  * Anatoli, seems like we have running inconsistency between http and
    Implementation.
  * Matteo, without writing crazy docs, hard to explain all of the permutations.
  * Chalker, could we be incremental. Start by generating types from doc but not include into
    Node.js itself. Just PR into the existing TS repository
  * Anatoli, other concern, has anything changed on TS side in terms with versioning?  No
    way to support versioning for different streams (have not looked at it lately)
  * Tobias, right not believe all on one branch.
  * Anatoli, would possibly be motivation for having our own repo
    * From Matteo, some versioning in different versions: https://github.com/DefinitelyTyped/DefinitelyTyped/tree/master/types/node
  * Tobias, what is the biggest concern. Using too new types or too old ?
  * Matteo, as TS user have no way to know if my module will compile on different versions
    of Node.js
  * Please engage in the issue.


### nodejs/TSC


* Re-nominate @gireeshpunathil to TSC [#829](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/829)
  * Defer until we have more members.

* Nominating Ruben Bridgewater (BridgeAR) to the TSC [#811](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/811)
  * Any objections to move forward. None raised will count those present at +1
  * Michael will check counts, no objections to moving forward.

* Node.js future directions - any interest in online or in person summit? [#797](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/797)
  * Draft suggestions for agenda are in issue, please chime in and help push towards 
  * Matteo, we should probably make this a virtual session given the current situation. Major
    concern is around timezones.
  * Michael maybe 4 hours in the middle of the day.
  * Myles, now pretty much 
  * Anatoli, new issue to discuss logistics

* Election for the Voting Representative for the OpenJS Cross-Project-Council (TSC rep)[#835](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/835)
  * FYI, can self-nominate until March 16.

### nodejs/admin

* Additional org owned by Node.js project  for package maintenance team [#470](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/470)
  * Michael gave an overview of the issue.
  * Any strong objections, Trott no issue
  * Myles, never saw our scope as limited to one org, fine with multiple orgs. Makes sense in this
    case. Don’t see anything wrong with it in terms of direction
  * Sam roberts, no objection but don’t see that it will achieve the goal of making it unofficial
  * Rich, we can bikeshed the name in the issue.
  
## Strategic Initiatives

* No time so skipping for this week.

## Upcoming Meetings


* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar


Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
