# Node.js Foundation Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2020-01-08

## Links

* **Recording**:  https://youtu.be/owCRMkiAWWY
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/796
* **Minutes Google Doc**: $MINUTES_DOC$

## Present

* Anatoli Papirovski @apapirovski (TSC)
* Beth Griggs @BethGriggs (TSC)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Gireesh Punathil @gireeshpunathil (TSC)
* James Snell @jasnell (TSC)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Michaël Zasso @targos (TSC)
* Sam Roberts @sam-github (TSC)
* Tobias Nießen @tniessen (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Matteo.  Work for next collaborator summit is starting (Austin in July). If you want to get
  involved this is the issue to look at: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/236

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

* Michael some progress on new build resources based on request to board. Some names from
  Microsoft forwarded to me, will be connecting them to build WG
* CPC
  * Matteo: email sent with respect to 2nd director (what are our TSC/Commcom thoughts on what that
    director seat would be used for next year as it was only dedicated to the Node.js project for the
    first year)

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/node

* doc: add runkit embeds [#30241](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/30241)
  * CommComm has agreed that website will/can use runkit.
  * PR to add runkit embed to our documentation
  * Matteo, added to agenda as we should discuss a new dependency for our repo
  * If outage, then just looks the same as it would today.
  * Background: https://github.com/nodejs/website-redesign/issues/12
  * There are some concerns from the TSC.
    * Its the first external dependency and there was some discussion about the risk of code/JavaScript
      that comes from outside the repo
    * executing JavaScript code from their domain in our region.
    * tracking our users
    * what happens if there are outages (seems like it degrades nicely to just show the code)
    * redirecting users
    * do we need to warn people that some content is coming from outside
    * can we make it optional to enable runkit.
    * Asked in issue if we can get somebody to come to meeting to discuss

* async-hooks: introduce async-storage API [#26540](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/26540)
  * 2 competing PRs, objection indicating that it should be in user land
  * Matteo, does think should be in core
  * Michael, also leans towards having in core
  * Ask is that more TSC members review/weigh in on the issue

* http2: make compat finished match http/1 [#24347](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/24347)
  * waiting on review from  James
  * Anatoli has worked through issue with Ronag, believes it is ready to go now, so unblocked.
* process: add CLI opt to hide experimental warnings [31000](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/31000)
  * TSC members asked that we discuss this week to get started.
  * James, sets bad precedent, we have the warnings as we don’t want people to use them in
    production. So not easy to hide them on their own.
  * Gireesh, counter argument is forcing people to suppress all of them is worse, once people
    know they are using experimental features then do they need to have them displayed every
    time.
  * Michael, is it that suppress startup warnings,
  * Anatoli not all experimental warnings are at startup.
  * James, would be better if we could switch off specific warnings. Would require identifier for
    each warning.
  * Michael/Anatoli agree with suggestion of excluding specific warnings.
  * Gireesh, ok with that as well.
  * James to add comment to issue.

### nodejs/TSC

* Strategic initiative to move to cmake for building Node.js? [#648](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/648)
  * Next step is to PR into strategic initiative list, removing from agenda

### nodejs/admin

* Node.js Social Media Accounts [#454](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/454)
  * James, we need to make sure there is active monitoring for overall tone and messaging, but
    basic idea of team with annual renewal makes sense
  * nomination criteria might be more stringent with explicit approval (as opposed to
  self-nominate and in unless objections)
  * General ask is to think/review and comment in the issue.

## Strategic Initiatives

* Ran out of time, no review this week.

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
