# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2020-04-08

## Links

* **Recording**: <https://youtu.be/2om4bZws47A>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/846>

## Present

* Anna Henningsen @addaleax (TSC)
* Beth Griggs @BethGriggs (TSC)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Daniel Bevenius @danbev (TSC)
* Gabriel Schulhof @gabrielschulhof (TSC)
* Gireesh Punathil @gireeshpunathil (TSC)
* James Snell @jasnell (TSC)
* Matheus Marchini @mmarchini (TSC)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Michaël Zasso @targos (TSC)
* Myles Borins @MylesBorins (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)
* Ruben Bridgewater @BridgeAR (TSC)
* Sam Roberts @sam-github (TSC)
* Shelley Vohr @codebytere (TSC)
* Tobias Nießen @tniessen (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Nominating @Himself65 as a collaborator [#32441](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/32441)

* Nominating @puzpuzpuz as a collaborator [#32555](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/32555)

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/node

* quic: part 3... initial quic implementation [#32379](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/32379)
* quic: part 2... ngtcp2 and nghttp3 [#32378](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/32378)
* quic: part 1... quic-modified openssl [#32377](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/32377)
  * Rich - these are an FYI, not time critical, let's discuss concerns raised when James is in the
    call ?
  * Myles: time critical part is whether it makes it into 14.x.
  * Rich: this can go into a later 14.x version since it is Minor so possibly not time sensitive.
  * Sam at least the patch is not too intrusive, but APIs continue to change.
  * That the QUICs PR was split into multiple PRs (ng*, openssl, quics) makes it much more reviewable, thanks @jasnell
  * Matteo's only concern is on the OpenSSL side, the rest looks fine.  Questions is what
    happens if it breaks.
  * Myles, could we have patch in tree and apply as part of build as opposed to being in.
  * Sam, dynamic apply might be more complicated, could just have rule that if applies
    clean then ok, otherwise drop patch
  * Myles, still concerned over risk due to adding floated patch as that could impact
    Binaries shipped.
  * Dan, from RH in the short term you will have to statically link Node.js if you need
    QUIC before it comes to OpenSSL.
  * Chalker could we use the option to link against OpenSSL dynamically? Might
    allow us to decouple changes in core that way.
  * James by default no changes are built if you don’t have the flag enabled. 0 impact
    to the release builds. Patch that is floated has compile time guards for every change.
  * For 1.1.1.f there was no changes, for 1.1.1.e some changes to guarded patch
  * Myles if guards confirm byte to byte specific, no longer concern assuming we
    just drop patch if does not apply.
  * James offered to go through anybody who would like one on one to go through patch.

### nodejs/TSC

* Review meeting date times ? [#809](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/809)
  * Agreed to move forward with last 4 time slot proposal
  * Michael to update calendar.
  * Make sure to separate the 14, 15, and 20,21 groups

* Node.js future directions - any interest in online or in person summit? [#797](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/797)
  * Matteo, from collaborator summit meeting. Assumption is likely to be remote, maybe
    We can leverage some of that work.

## Strategic Initiatives

* Skipped this week due to lack of time.

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
