# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2020-07-02

## Links

* **Recording**: <https://youtu.be/PMIvxAnYE34>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/888>

## Present

* Beth Griggs @BethGriggs (TSC)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Gabriel Schulhof @gabrielschulhof (TSC)
* James Snell @jasnell (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Myles Borins @MylesBorins (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Successful OpenJS World conference and collaborator summit last week. Thanks to
  everybody who participated.

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/node

* Proposal: create a triage team to manage the backlog [#34054](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/34054)
  * Issue on from the collaborator summit
  * Suggestion was to create a triage team
  * Wait for full discussion for when we have Gireesh who was in the meeting and has been
    Involved in the triage work for Express
  * Myles -> Question when would we make somebody a triager and not a full collaborator.
    Some concrete examples would help. (Node.js is rather open in terms of making people
    collaborators)

* Rename default branch from "master" to "main" or something similar [#33864](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/33864)
  * Nothing new to talk about this week. General sentiment is we are open but would like to wait
    and see a bit more from GitHub and experience other projects have.

* doc: no longer maintain a CNA structure [#33639](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/33639)
  * Michael volunteer tell mitre we will no longer be our own CNA.
  * Remove TSC agenda.

* bootstrap: include bootstrapped Environment in builtin snapshot  [#32984](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/32984)
  * We need to get some additional views #32984
  * James will ask Anna/Joyee if they can put together high level summary of differences which
    may be easier to discuss.

### nodejs/TSC

* doc: Charter the package-maintenance working group [#880](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/880)
  * Open for 3 weeks, no objections in issue, 2 approvals, no objections in meeting, so
    considered approved

### nodejs/admin

* Audit Google account access [#389](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/389)
  * Just waiting on Brian, Michael wants to leave on agenda so we don't forget

## Strategic Initiatives

* build resources - meeting to be scheduled in next week or so with build team/Linux Foundation IT team for further exploration/discussion - <https://github.com/nodejs/build/issues/2354>
* No major update on modules
* QUIC/HTTP3 - experimental, landed in core, going through a lot of changes

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
