# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2020-08-27

## Links

* **Recording**: <https://youtu.be/Cy_zrjLDvas>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/911>

## Present

* Beth Griggs @BethGriggs (TSC)
* Ruben Bridgewater @BridgeAR (TSC)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Shelley Vohr @codebytere (TSC)
* James Snell @jasnell (TSC)
* Mary Marchini @mmarchini (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)
* Maël Nison (Invited Guest)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* OpenJS Foundation 2nd director election complete, Michael was elected.

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/node

* \[v14.x backport\] stream: simpler and faster Readable async iterator  [#34887](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/34887)
  * Matteo added as FYI to the agenda.

* Rename default branch from "master" to "main" or something similar [#33864](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/33864)
  * Mary, github added feature to add new default for new repositories
  * We should enable it. <https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/543>, no objections
    Ruben will do.

* process: Change default --unhandled-rejections=throw [#33021](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/33021)
  Mary called for a vote, no objections, will open issue in repo to start/plan for vote.

### nodejs/nodejs.org

* blm: convert to button [#3306](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.org/pull/3306)
  * Style change that removes stripe on the site
  * If people can take a look and comment in the issue which they prefer.

### nodejs/TSC

* Package manager manager ... discussion [#904](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/904)
  * Mael:
    * working on Yarn since 2017
    * one issue is `people use npm because it’s the default`
    * one issue is that people don’t get to choose, it’s the projects which make the decision
    * each package manager has slightly different behaviour so you have to use the one
        that is used for the project.
    * The question is not which is best, but how to best let the co-exist.
    * He’s going to take us through the package-manager-manager flow, shared screen
  * Chalker - <https://github.com/tribou/words/blob/master/package.json#L7-L11> (random repo from gh search)
    * is why I think that this should be a separate field because versions can
      already be specified and are already specified and this change adds a pm
      restriction, while version range restriction is already there

### nodejs/admin

* Audit Google account access [#389](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/389)
  * still waiting on this to happen.

## Strategic Initiatives
* Skipped for this week.

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
