# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2021-06-10

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://youtu.be/uIuAG1KuDjY>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1036>

## Present

* Beth Griggs @BethGriggs (TSC)
* Ruben Bridgewater @BridgeAR (TSC)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Danielle Adams @danielleadams (TSC)
* Mary Marchini @mmarchini (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Myles Borins @MylesBorins (TSC)
* Tobias Nießen @tniessen (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* No announcements this week.

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

\*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/node

* Adding HTML form data handling to core [#38943](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/38943)
  * Not time sensitive, decided to wait for a meeting where we have Matteo.
  * Myles, two things to talk about
    * Higher level feature
    * mime, lower level parts that might make handling form data easier. Some other
      platforms do have the lower level parts.

* Automating npm updates with a bot [#38879](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/38879)
  * Wanted to document in the minutes that its ok.
  * No objections from those in the meeting, Myles will follow up separately on any policy related
    stuff.

* Future of the Node HTTP Client  [#38533](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/38533)
  * We discussed this before, agreed with the ask for references in the Node.js docs. Taking off
    the agenda for now.

* Tracking Issue: commit queue issues and feedback [#34770](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/34770)
  * Was discussed in the meeting today, nobody advocated for removing it so let’s leave
    it for a bit longer/try to fix.
  * Those in the meeting would also be ok with removing, if Mary/those involved in maintaining
    the queue decide we should remove it.

* Rename default branch from "master" to "main" or something similar [#33864](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/33864)
  * slowly making progress

* Migration of core modules to primordials [#30697](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/30697)
  * Ruben, don’t see the reason to do, but do see a number of downsides
    * Suggesting we stop porting primordials until more discussion has completed
    * Suggestion of letting the discussion continue in the issue for a few weeks, then
      bring back to the TSC.

## Strategic Initiatives

* No updates this week

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
