# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2021-09-23

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://youtu.be/hRSBwTq2rQ0>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1084>

## Present

* Antoine du Hamel @aduh95 (TSC)
* Beth Griggs @BethGriggs (TSC)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Gireesh Punathil @gireeshpunathil (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Myles Borins @MylesBorins (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)
* Geoffrey Booth (Guest)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Gireesh - Qingyu Deng (@Ayase-252) is nominated (and approved) as a collaborator
* 16.10.0 release yesterday and 17 RC as well

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

\*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* Board meeting tomorrow but nothing on my list which are Node.js related
* No CPC updates this week.

### nodejs/node

* module: unflag import assertions [#39921](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/39921)
  * Geoffrey gave us a good intro the discussion
  * Discussion is around assertionless/assertion versions of import json
  * Antoine, ok with landing any form of JSON modules, the sooner the better
  * Chalker, +1 on landing with assertions (ie both or just the assertions form)
  * Geoffrey splitting up so that we ship the assertionless later would make sense as that would
    help us work through any issues with loaders

* meta: move one or more collaborators to emeritus [#40115](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/40115)
  * automated job created issue to move people from active -> emeritus based on (as author,
    reviewer, or committer) in the last 5000 commits (spanning nearly the last 20 months).
  * manual review seems to confirm they are no longer active
  * low risk as easy to move people back
  * Comfortable updating our governance
  * Michael, should we update the governance so that we don’t need a vote
  * Gireesh good to ping, reach out to members. Send email with link to issue.

* Rename default branch from "master" to "main" [#33864](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/33864)
  * Slowly making progress

* Migration of core modules to primordials [#30697](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/30697)
  * Gireesh, ran a couple of meetings with interested parties
    * First one came out with 5 proposals
    * Second consolidated down to 3 proposals
      * Should have them robustness in core
      * Should have them to support security in terms of resolution
      * Should not include them readability/contributors ability to contribute is degraded
    * Next steps
      * At future TSC members have proponent of each attend/pitch the option (see
        <https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/30697#issuecomment-898211247> for some more details)
      * Another meeting is not likely to be productive, group does not believe that it would lead
        to consensus
      * Agreement we can have subset of modules under primordials, based on tradeoffs
  * Michael what would we vote on
    * Gireesh decide yes/no, after that then decide on boundary
  * Rich, will there be people that would say no primordials if they are everywhere, but maybe
    yes if they are restricted.
  * Gireesh to talk to 3 proponents and look to schedule them to present in the Oct 7 meeting

### nodejs/TSC

* To be or not to be in core [#1041](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1041)
  * defer to next time

## Strategic Initiatives

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
