# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2021-07-01

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://youtu.be/9YViJ4wFclw>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1048>

## Present

* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Mary Marchini @mmarchini (TSC)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (TSC)
* Robert Nagy @ronag (TSC)
* Tobias Nießen @tniessen (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)
* Gireesh Punathil @gireeshpunathil (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Security release is came out today
  * Shoutout to all involved

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

* Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/node

* Adding HTML form data handling to core [#38943](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/38943)
  * Some questions to add form data handling
  * Not clear if we want to do this, went back to discussion about being in core or not
  * Removed agenda label until <https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/38943> is resolved
* Future of the Node HTTP Client  [#38533](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/38533)
  * Robert: Discussion about why create a new one vs improving existing one
  * Matteo: can’t fix and improve without breaking the API
    * That’s again our core values, so the only path is to develop something new
    * We tried to improve but it’s not feasible
    * Matteo: Recommend marking it Legacy
  * Robert: in order to even move to experimental we need to have a code base
  * Robert: I think some people are uncomfortable with marking it as Legacy until we have something stable
  * Matteo: I don’t recommend folks to use the built-in http client as part of my job
  * Matteo: will try to write a summary of why we don’t recommend http client, what the issues are, why it’s hard to improve and why it should be marked Legacy
* Rename default branch from "master" to "main" or something similar [#33864](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/33864)
* Migration of core modules to primordials [#30697](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/30697)
  * Matteo: we should postpone until folks involved in the discussion are in the meeting

### nodejs/TSC

* Resigning from CPC Voting Member [#1043](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1043)
  * Robert: what is CPC
    \*
  * Matteo: I can take it as long as I don’t have to join meetings
  * Mary: will check with CPC if that’s ok
* To be or not to be in core [#1041](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1041)
  * Robert: a good example is readable-stream
    * Matteo: it’s one of the most downloaded modules on npm and it’s what made streams ecosystem stable
    * Matteo: on the other hand
    * Matteo: the key part is that readable-stream need to be in core because core depends on readable-stream
    * Robert: we have clear understanding when core depends on a module, but not when it doesn't
    * Matteo: at some point we would like to ship a fetch implementation in core, I would not recommend basing it on current http client
    * Robert: I think it’s good to have things that are very well defined, specified and stable in core
    * Matteo: that’s part of the reason undici was developed outside of core: we needed to iterate on several designs before reaching something we would be happy with
    * Matteo: IMO if it’s stable, has good API and is specified it makes sense to be in core
    * Robert: An option would be to make undici available in core but not available as a public api, just using it in fetch
    * Matteo: we need to align undici release cycle with Node.js
    * Matteo: we could add as a dependency like npm
    * Tobias: would all three APIs be available or just http and fetch
    * Matteo: I would include all three
    * Matteo: undici fixes the need for monkey patching
    * Robert: as an undici developer I would rather develop outside and vendor in core
    * Matteo: agree with that approach
    * Matteo: can you write that approach down and see if someone objects?
    * Mary: sgtm. Still an open question on when to do it
    * Matteo: should we have a separate meeting to discuss that?
    * Rich: there’s a small population of highly engaged folks on this issue
    * Matteo: someone else would need to coordinate though
    * Mary:
* Which teams should be allowed to land pull requests on nodejs/node? [#1039](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1039)
  * Rich: eer on the side of allowing triagers to land pull requests, and if there are any problems we can revisit

### nodejs/admin

* doc: remove section on export control [#617](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/pull/617)

## Strategic Initiatives

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
