# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2021-06-23

## Links

* **Recording**:
* **Minutes Google Doc**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1042>

## Present

* Antoine du Hamel @aduh95 (TSC)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Gireesh Punathil @gireeshpunathil (TSC)
* Joyee Cheung @joyeecheung (TSC)
* Mary Marchini @mmarchini (TSC)
* Michaël Zasso @targos (TSC)
* Tobias Nießen @tniessen (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* 16.4.0 released a few hours ago.

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/node

* Adding HTML form data handling to core [#38943](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/38943)
  * Mary: Will post a comment on the issue but we need Matteo and/or Myles to discuss.
  * Gireesh: Doesn’t need optimization from core, so probably a pretty thin case to be in core.
  * Rich: This should perhaps be rolled into the To be or not to be in core issue opened (below) but Robert Nagy.

* Automating npm updates with a bot [#38879](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/38879)
  * Tobias: Believe this is resolved and Rich closed it.
  * Rich: Resolved and closed.
* Future of the Node HTTP Client  [#38533](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/38533)
  * Rich: Left a comment similar to the one left for Adding HTML form data handling to core.

* Rename default branch from "master" to "main" or something similar [#33864](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/33864)
  * Mary: Michael Dawson made some progress on this. Anything we need to discuss here?
  * Gireesh: Transactional/status update. Work is in progress. If there are challenges, let’s call them out. I have a done a few in the past and can do a few more.
  * Mary: We still have 17 repos that need to be migrated. So we are making progress and not far from finishing, but some of the last ones are the hardest ones like node core and the website.
  * Gireesh: Is there a way to automate, or at least try to automate with a script. Maybe we can fork and apply on the fork.
  * Mary: Unfortunately, we have scripts and the bot that have the repository hardcoded. So automation is challenging.
  * Gireesh: I agree. If we do get into a situation where most of the peripheral repos are migrated, but can’t do node core, that is a problem. We undermine the stated purpose of the initiative, and it could cause confusion.
  * Mary: I agree. We’ll have to work with the build working group and figure out everywhere in Jenkins that has to be updated. Maybe we should do the migration of node core repo in three steps. First, create a main branch but have it synch with master branch. Second, change Jenkins to look at main instead of master. Third, we can retire master. That might be the safest we can do.
  * Gireesh: Makes sense. I’m in favor of implementing something like a window like we used to have a security release window wherein we lock down CI for a time and we could implement this multi-step migration you are proposing.
  * Mary: You mean all the steps or just the middle one? The outer steps will take weeks, probably. I can open an issue in Build to start discussion/planning.

* Migration of core modules to primordials [#30697](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/30697)
  * Antoine: I’m not sure there’s a lot to discuss here and now. People can put thoughts in the issue. We need more opinions before we can make a decision.

### nodejs/TSC

* To be or not to be in core [#1041](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1041)
  * Rich: Do-able and worth doing. Document what is agreed upon, and document where different people have different ideas and there isn’t a clear overriding philosophy.
  * Mary: I agree. Needs more discussion.
  * Gireesh: There are definitely cases where some things are clear and other things need to be listed out as things that apply in some cases and not in others. Wider use in the ecosystem, LTS concerns, platform abstraction / coverage etc. A high level guideline on what goes in core, and a break-down checklist of some kind would be useful to codify.
  * Mary: Important issue. We should be discussing it. This issue keeps coming up. Not sure it needs to be on the agenda--maybe and maybe not--but a conversation about it needs to be happening.

* Which teams should be allowed to land pull requests on nodejs/node? [#1039](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1039)
  * Mary: Commit queue allows triage team to land pull requests. Discussed a bit in the past, but may not have been as clearly communicated and documented, or at least not as well known as we’d like. So we need to decide if landing permission will fall only for collaborators (i.e., people with commit bit) or if we should allow triagers (and maybe even other teams) when using the commit queue. We have split opinions on this.
  * Rich: I can go either way on this. On the hand, the whole purpose of a commit queue is to remove the human judgment necessity for landing. The PR has approvals, etc., so let’s land it. On the other hand, there’s theory and then there’s practice. We do approve PRs that need commit messages edited etc.
  * Mary: I’m in favor of letting triagers land with the commit-queue. Less bureaucracy, more automation, less human checks. It’s needed tooling changes and changes in policy. Last year we changed what is considered an objection so that the tooling would pick it up reliably. We also now have the GitHub Actions linter to fail if the commit message fails linting. I’m in favor of allowing triagers to land stuff.
  * Никита: Sounds good to me.
  * Michaël: Does commit-queue check if a code owner has approved pull request.
  * Mary: No because that’s not policy
  * Michaël: I would be +1 to allowing it if code owners have approved it. For streams and some other subsystems, it is important.
  * Mary: I don’t check code owners when I land stuff.
  * Michaël: I don’t either, but for some subsystems, it’s more important to look at who reviews. Probably not everyone knows that.
  * Antoine: If we could have a label that could only added by collaborators, that could solve the problem?
  * Mary: Unfortunately, GitHub doesn’t have an option to have a label that can only be added by certain people. If we try to use Actions for that, there would be a small but existing race condition.
  * Antoine: Are you sure about that? IIRC CQ skips PR if the GitHub Actions is still running.
  * Mary: Small window, but yeah.
  * Gireesh: Using labels doesn’t solve fundamental issue. Triagers need to operate on the lifecycle aspects of the product. Closing issues and closing PRs, reopening, landing, it’s a lifecycle operation. I wouldn’t qualify triagers to review, that’s external to the landing process. Qualitative judgments are outside. But once the PR meets the requirements to land, I don’t think there’s a reason triagers shouldn’t be able to land it. We need to benefit from the triage process, and this is a way to do it.
  * Mary: Collaborators don't always check code owners, it shouldn't block triagers being able to use CQ.

## Strategic Initiatives

* Startup performance
  * Ongoing work in the user land snapshot, split some patches out into separate PRs. See <https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/38905#issuecomment-865341184> for the latest update.
  * [A patch including fix for snapshot support of class field initializers](https://chromium-review.googlesource.com/c/v8/v8/+/2944249) is uploaded in the upstream, though I plan to split the snapshot fix out into a different CL first
* V8 currency
  * Node.js 16.4.0 was released today with V8 9.1

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
