# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2021-02-25

## Links

* **Recording**: <https://youtu.be/7WJ1p-W56nY>
* **GitHub Issue**:<https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/972>

## Present

* Anatoli Papirovski @apapirovski (TSC)
* Beth Griggs @BethGriggs (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Franziska Hinkelmann @fhinkel (TSC)
* Gireesh Punathil @gireeshpunathil (TSC)
* Joyee Cheung @joyeecheung (TSC)
* Mary Marchini @mmarchini (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Myles Borins @MylesBorins (TSC)
* Michaël Zasso @targos (TSC)
* Tobias Nießen @tniessen (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* No announcements this week.

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* Board meeting this week, let me know if there is anything you think I should be raising, nothing
  that I am aware of.

### nodejs/node

* doc: update CI requirements for landing pull requests [#37308](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/37308)
  * Quick discussion is that can go through the regular review, already has
    TSC approvals
  * Documents what has been regular practice
  * Adds requirement for green github CI.
  * No objections TSC members in the meeting, removed agenda tag as
    seems to be progressing through the regular review process ok.

* deps: add Yarn 1.22.5 [#37277](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/37277)
  * Michael added his blocking objection as believe there should be an explicit decision by the
    TSC. Has been lots of discussion.
  * Myles, there has been other discussions like package manager manager, should include in
    vote, some of concerns as well.
* Include Yarn, Include PMM, Leave as is for now
  * Before we vote, invite author to argue in favor of the requests
  * Myles, should we do a survey to gather more information that will help TSC members decide
    how they would vote.
  * Michael, any volunteers do do the survey
  * Consensus seems to be to try to do survey before vote, next step is to find volunteer to drive
    survey..

* fs: remove permissive rmdir recursive [#37216](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/37216)
  * added to agenda as SemVer major for TSC visibility.
  * Michael Z, not opposed but alternative API is not available in 12.x. If author wanted to
    support across LTS versions they would need a version check.

* http: align with stream.Writable [#36816](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/36816)
  * On the agenda to get TSC attention, leave on agenda until next time to see if
    that input occurs.

* TLS: improve compliance with shutdown standard, remove hacks [#36111](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/36111)
  * waiting on feedback from James, skip until next time

* Rename default branch from "master" to "main" or something similar [#33864](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/33864)
  * On agenda to keep attention on it.

### nodejs/TSC

* any interest in an RFC process? [#962](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/962)
  * Skip until next time Rich is here.

* Apple Silicon plan [#886](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/886)
  * V8 issues are fixed, now green in the CI
  * Having discussion around future hardware resources

### nodejs/abi-stable-node

* renaming n-api to something more appropriate and descriptive [#420](https://github.com/nodejs/abi-stable-node/issues/420)
  * already discussed removed agenda tag.

### nodejs/security-wg

* Potential stagnation of open issues on h1 bounty program [#654](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/654)
  * Michael needs to forward current proposal to OpenJS staff/Exec director for comment/input

## Strategic Initiatives

* Michael Z - V8
  * All known issues on Apple M1 are fixed
  * We updated yesterday to V8 8.9 (will be promoted to stable next week)
* Joyee - startup performance
  * Landed PR to support for BindingData in the snapshot: <https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/36943>
  * Going through other embedder objects to support in  the snapshot: <https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/37476>
  * Working on class instance member initialization support in the snapshot in V8: <https://bugs.chromium.org/p/v8/issues/detail?id=10704>
* Build Resources
  * No update
* Future of Build Toolchain
  * Haven't worked on it for a while. @ryzokuken has contacted me and shown interest in helping with this initiative.

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
