# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2021-04-29

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://youtu.be/Vg5JjS317ic>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1020>

## Present

* Antoine du Hamel @aduh95 (TSC)
* Beth Griggs @BethGriggs (TSC)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Daniel Bevenius @danbev (TSC)
* Danielle Adams @danielleadams (TSC)
* Gireesh Punathil @gireeshpunathil (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Robert Nagy @ronag (TSC)
* Michaël Zasso @targos (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* No announcements this week.

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

\*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* elections for votings for non-impact projects and reps for CPC are underway.

### nodejs/node

* deps: add Yarn 1.22.5 [#37277](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/37277)
  * Vote concluded. Thanks to Mary for running.
  * The direction agreed was to move towards landing corepack, not landing yarn.

* TLS: improve compliance with shutdown standard, remove hacks [#36111](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/36111)
  * Seems like I forgot to actually remove the agenda tag, we agreed to do that
    last week.

* Rename default branch from "master" to "main" or something similar [#33864](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/33864)
  * no additional progress this week.
  * Michael suggests folks on TSC to pick a repository or two and move this forward there.

* Migration of core modules to primordials [#30697](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/30697)
  * Antoine is working on documentation on what is safe to do with primordials and what is not.

### nodejs/TSC

* Moderation Team Certification [#1014](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1014)
  * One chair election closes will move this forward.
  * Call for nominations (or self-nominations).

* Revist the meeting times [#1004](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1004)
  * Nikita will check what times work after the meeting and post something into the issue.

### nodejs/security-wg

* Potential stagnation of open issues on h1 bounty program [#654](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/654)
  * inching towards resolution.

## Strategic Initiatives

* Build resources: nothing to report
* V8: nothing new

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
