# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2021-10-14

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://youtu.be/XPRWSXKLdrY>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1098>

## Present

* Antoine du Hamel @aduh95 (TSC)
* Beth Griggs @BethGriggs (TSC)
* Ruben Bridgewater @BridgeAR (TSC)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Gireesh Punathil @gireeshpunathil (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Myles Borins @MylesBorins (TSC)
* Michaël Zasso @targos (TSC)
* Tobias Nießen @tniessen (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)
* Richard Lau @richardlau (Guest)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Node.js Community Committee has been retired. Changes are still in progress.
* Node.js 17 will be released next Tuesday. Crowdsourcing notable changes. Working on formal
  release announcement as well. Beth provided link TSC.
* Node.js 16 gets promoted to LTS the week after.

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

* Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* Application deadline is approaching for the Node.js Certification and Training Scholarship
* Issue approving charter change in Adjust charter to simplify automated
  removal rules #1097 needs to stay open for 14 days.

### nodejs/node

* doc: document considerations for inclusion in core [#40338](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/40338)
  * Rich: discussion, progressing, nothing to discuss this week?

* doc: add initial list of technical priorities [#40235](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/40235)
  * On agenda for awareness, would be great to have more people review/comment.

* Replace OpenSSL 1.1.1 with OpenSSL 3.0.0 [#40106](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/40106)
  * Related PR already landed, issue closed, nothing to discuss.

* Rename default branch from "master" to "main" [#33864](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/33864)
  * Issue reported on readable-stream

* Migration of core modules to primordials [#30697](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/30697)
  * Gireesh last week we heard from Jordan and Bradley
  * Ruben
    * Mention of moving code from JS to C++
    * Other suggestion was just looking at code in loaders as that is one place it is important
    * Likely comes down to vote
    * Need to document what paths we believe are really necessary
  * Gireesh will open issue TSC repo with options
    * People will be given 2 weeks to add to paths they believe are important for option to limit
      to certains paths and then we’ll kick off the vote.

### nodejs/TSC

* Adjust charter to simplify automated removal rules [#1097](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/1097)
  * Rich: many approvers just waiting on CPC approval

* Nominating Richard Lau [#1096](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1096)
  * Many +1s, will check governance to see what next step is.

* To be or not to be in core [#1041](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1041)
  * Rich: discussion, progressing in PR, nothing to discuss this week.

## Strategic Initiatives

* V8 Currency
  * V8 9.5 landed on master and is going to be released with Node.js 17.
  * Node.js 16 likely to stay on V8 9.4, possibly good timing since 16 will transition to
    LTS next week.
* Core promises
  * no update this week, readline/promises is in 17

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
