# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2021-03-18

## Links

* **Recording**: <https://youtu.be/-rOegpf9_xQ>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/993>

## Present

* Beth Griggs @BethGriggs (TSC)
* Ruben Bridgewater @BridgeAR (TSC)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Gabriel Schulhof @gabrielschulhof (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Myles Borins @MylesBorins (TSC)
* Michaël Zasso @targos (TSC)
* Tobias Nießen @tniessen (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Node.js was 15.12 is out as latest current
* Rich onboard Linkgoron on Friday. <https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/37619>

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* board meeting next week, let Michael know if there is anything that he should raise. Currently
  nothing on this list

### nodejs/node

* There are a number of open PRs in the nodejs/node repo that are waiting for approvals from TSC members to land: <https://github.com/nodejs/node/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22review+wanted%22++label%3Asemver-major>. Since the v16 semver cutoff is getting close, I think it would be worth mentioning it in the meeting.
* Rich pointed out we are past the cutoff date
* Beth, we might have a few days as 4 weeks before release date
* The originator mentioned this one as potentially the most important: <https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/37246>

* doc: move Derek Lewis back to collaborators [#37726](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/37726)
  * New collaborators need to be announced in meeting as per Governance. Coming back after
    having voluntarily gone Emeritus earlier.

* deps: switch openssl to quictls/openssl [#37601](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/37601)
  * already landed, nothing to discussion

* deps: add Yarn 1.22.5 [#37277](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/37277)
  * Waiting on volunteer to do survey to gather more info to help TSC members make decision.
  * Rich may try to take that as an RFC process that he may propose.

* fs: remove permissive rmdir recursive [#37216](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/37216)
  * Michael, Rich will take a look.

* TLS: improve compliance with shutdown standard, remove hacks [#36111](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/36111)
  * Tobias will take a look

* Rename default branch from "master" to "main" or something similar [#33864](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/33864)
  * ongoing work, need people to help do the renames, move forward
  * some discussion

### nodejs/TSC

* Discuss OpenJS Standards options [#985](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/985)
  * Jory provided overview of 6 options that OpenJS standards working group is looking at in
    terms of what to focus on
  * Robin gave an update on OpenJS world
    * This year date moved
    * Also announced the date for in person next year

* Charter Undici WG [#975](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/975)
  * Agreed to defer until meeting where we have Matteo

* any interest in an RFC process? [#962](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/962)
  * Rich may try to propose something

* Apple Silicon plan [#886](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/886)
  * some forward progress, more help would be good.

### nodejs/admin

* Enable github pages & subdomain for Undici [#590](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/590)
  * ask is for people to review and hopefully thumbs up

* Nodejs-he team [#519](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/519)
  * can close team referenced (agreement in issue)
  * larger issue is whether we should do more formal audit
    * Would need volunteer to do that.
    * Rich has been doing some _ad hoc_
    * Michael will close this one out by removing the team, and add a new issue to cover the
      broader suggestion of more auditing.

### nodejs/security-wg

* Potential stagnation of open issues on h1 bounty program [#654](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/654)
  * no update

## Strategic Initiatives

* ran out of time did not get to this one

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
