# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2021-08-25

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://youtu.be/qjhPrS35A50>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1076>

## Present

* Antoine du Hamel @aduh95 (TSC)
* Beth Griggs @BethGriggs (TSC)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* James Snell @jasnell (TSC)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Myles Borins @MylesBorins (TSC)
* Robert Nagy @ronag (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* No announcements this week.

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

\*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* No updates this week

### nodejs/node

* doc: anchor link parity between markdown and html-generated docs [#39304](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/39304)
  * Antoine, changing all of the links in the markdown docs, to be compatible with
    github default UI.
    * By default it would break all links, so adds “hack” to make old/new link work. Antoine not
      confident in that approach. Backporting could also be an issue
  * Matteo, all links would be broken?
    * Antoine, Hack is trying to work around that and make old links work.
    * James, are they doing that by inserting the old anchor tags manually?
    * Antoine, replying all anchors with compatible one, then when generating html adding the
      old anchor as well as the new one.
  * Michael would we backport?
    * Antoine if not, would make it harder to backport doc changes
      * Beth, we do backport changes related to linter etc.
      * SemVer minors would also be an issue
    * James we should backport if this lands
  * Antoine any historical reason for using Node.js link style ?
    * James, don’t think so, if links are being inserted then probably ok
  * Chalker, links to docs in github versus html/website would be broken but that’s probably ok
    since those are little used.
  * Ask is that discussion continues in the github repo.

* errors: display Node.js version at the end of stacktraces [#38332](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/38332)
  * We discussed in the past
  * Next step is to open TSC to get consensus on overriding.
    (Michael to create issue - <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1078>)

* Rename default branch from "master" to "main" [#33864](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/33864)
  * No updates this week.

* Migration of core modules to primordials [#30697](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/30697)
  * Gireesh, asking a people who were there to share the essence of the discussion
  * Antoine, missed much of the meeting, no consensus emerging, probably need TSC to vote,
    next step will be for the group looking at it to define set of options for TSC to vote on.

### nodejs/TSC

* Node.js - Internet Bug Bounty 2.0 Invite [#1063](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1063)

* Agreement that we have consensus in the issue, we can say yes.

* Michael will post the answer in the issue (Done 8/25/21).

* To be or not to be in core [#1041](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1041)
  * In last meeting agreed Daniel will start discussion - <https://github.com/nodejs/node/discussions/39779>
    for people to add their thoughts.

## Strategic Initiatives

* Core promise APIs - readln PR is coming along, if you have time please review

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
