# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2021-01-14

## Links

* **Recording**: <https://youtu.be/7lULAuw0GXM>
* **GitHub Issue**:<https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/963>

## Present

* Anatoli Papirovski @apapirovski (TSC)
* Beth Griggs @BethGriggs (TSC)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Gabriel Schulhof @gabrielschulhof (TSC)
* Gireesh Punathil @gireeshpunathil (TSC)
* Mary Marchini @mmarchini (TSC)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Myles Borins @MylesBorins (TSC)
* Tobias Nießen @tniessen (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Release coming out today 15.6

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* CPC director election this month, let your CPC rep (Mary, Joe) know if you have thoughts/input

### nodejs/node

* Nominating Milad as a Node.js collaborator [#36570](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/36570)
  * FYI as per process, Michael doing onboarding later today.

* Nominating Xu Meng as as Node.js collaborator [#36569](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/36569)
  * FYI as per process

* http: replace destroySoon with socket.end [#36205](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/36205)
  * Two opinions on how we should implement TCP RST packet in TLS
  * Needs very low level understanding of TCP
  * Matteo: What we currently have is likely not correct, but unclear on the correct answer
  * Anatoli not sure on right answer, related issue is that we don’t have a good set of tests
    in terms of spec compliance.
  * Chalker, would having those tests help with next steps?
  * Rich would having spec compliance tests help resolve the dis-agreement
  * Matteo -> Most realistic is to look at what others do, nginx, haproxy, copy that
  * Anatoli, makes sense as well
  * Rich will post comment that we want to know what nginx is doing to help decide which way
    go. Best way to decide is matrix of what others do nginx, apache, ha-proxy
  * Will remove from agenda for now

* TLS: improve compliance with shutdown standard, remove hacks [#36111](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/36111)
  * Rich -> Need James to talk about, as we need at least his lack of objection, defer to next week
  * Was opened by one of the libuv releasers, libuv has held off on some changes in libuv, has provided PRs to Node.js project which is this PR to help resolve. Changes  likely to go into next release.
  * Rich will follow up with James.

* Rename default branch from "master" to "main" or something similar [#33864](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/33864)
  * Something come from GitHub soon. Leave on agenda for a few weeks.

### nodejs/docker-node

* Publish packages to GitHub Registry [#1410](https://github.com/nodejs/docker-node/pull/1410)
  * No objections from TSC, Michael will add comment to issue
  * TSC members should go approve token approval request: <https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/581>

### nodejs/admin

* Audit Google account access [#389](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/389)
  * Michael has reviewed list sent to Tierney to review.

### nodejs/security-wg

* Potential stagnation of open issues on h1 bounty program [#654](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/654)
  * Waiting to hear back from some of the groups taking reports to see if they can help take over backlog

## Strategic Initiatives

* Build resources
  * No update this week.

* Future of Build toolchain
  * No update this week.

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
