# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2021-05-20

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://youtu.be/bQ5n89mimkw>
* **Minutes Google Doc**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1030>

## Present

* Antoine du Hamel @aduh95 (TSC)
* Beth Griggs @BethGriggs (TSC)
* Ruben Bridgewater @BridgeAR (TSC)
* Danielle Adams @danielleadams (TSC)
* Gabriel Schulhof @gabrielschulhof (TSC)
* Gireesh Punathil @gireeshpunathil (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Robert Nagy @ronag (TSC)
* Tobias Nießen @tniessen (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* OpenJS World the first week of June, hope see to there

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

\*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* No updates this week.

### nodejs/node

* Future of the Node HTTP Client  [#38533](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/38533)
  * Robert:
    * currently have an http client, issues are reported, but not too many people get
      involved in those issues.
    * People who have typically been involved have moved over to
      <https://github.com/nodejs/undici>
  * Rich, what would you (Robert) want ?
  * Robert: would like something in the docs, pointing to undici.
  * Discussion ensued….
  * Need more usage to validate, get to “stable” recommendation
  * Concrete ask -> add references to documentation
    * No objections to adding references to doc.

* Tracking Issue: commit queue issues and feedback [#34770](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/34770)
  * Rich will reach out to Joyee/Mary to better understand what’s blocking.

* Rename default branch from "master" to "main" or something similar [#33864](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/33864)
  * making slow progress

* Migration of core modules to primordials [#30697](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/30697)
  * Antoine has added PR for guidelines - <https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/38635>
  * Just looking for some more reviews

### nodejs/security-wg

* Potential stagnation of open issues on h1 bounty program [#654](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/654)
  * Wrap up is likely this week.

## Strategic Initiatives

* Skipped for this week

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
