# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2021-07-22

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://youtu.be/JOqQc5W6UdA>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1058>

## Present

* Antoine du Hamel @aduh95 (TSC)
* Beth Griggs @BethGriggs (TSC)
* Ruben Bridgewater @BridgeAR (TSC)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Gireesh Punathil @gireeshpunathil (TSC)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Myles Borins @MylesBorins (TSC)
* Robert Nagy @ronag (TSC)
* Tobias Nießen @tniessen (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)
* Alex Hughes (Guest from Mentoring initiative)
* Parris Lucas @GrooveCS (Guest from Mentoring initiative )

## Agenda

### Announcements

* No announcements this week.

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

\*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** before the meeting.

* Board meeting this week, but nothing Michael has to bring to board on behalf of Node.js
  project.

### nodejs/node

* Future of the Node HTTP Client  [#38533](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/38533)
  * agreed to remove TSC agenda and loop back on it once
    <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1041> is resolved.

* Rename default branch from "master" to "main" [#33864](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/33864)
  * nothing to discuss this week.

* Migration of core modules to primordials [#30697](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/30697)
  * Options include based what people are advocating for:
    * Stop
    * Limit scope

* Rich doesn’t have a good idea of what the realistic security threat is.
  * Understand that the main thread is to prevent prototype pollution attacks, but don’t
    have a good sense of how severe/realistic a threat it is.
  * Robert seconds that position but understands that many collaborators have
    strong feelings about it
  * Antoine, don’t think it primordials are in response to security vuln, as Node.js’
    the security model is “code is trusted.”
    * So the benefit is avoiding undefined behavior
  * Matteo, once the case is where they are in the way is that they conflict with
    the way JEST works, Error object thrown by assert will be different from what
    your application (instance of Error returns false)

* Ruben, from his perspective, does not make sense only to move a small
  proportion as other codes can still break.

* Michael, making a subset of APIs better/safer has some value, but the question
  is the benefit versus the cost in terms of risk

* Chalker +1 to what Michael says and primordials don’t address prototype pollution.

* Tobias, I think the idea behind primordials is nice to have, but the question boils down to: is it
  worth the burden and efforts? less readable code, performance problems, inconsistencies,
  unclear scope (e.g., should objects returned by core APIs have properties attached to the
  Object prototype by the user?), "non-standard JavaScript" being a burden for contributors, etc.
  Is it realistic to ever reach a consistent state in which the core behaves consistently?

* Antoine agrees with what Chalker and Tobias have said.

* Ruben next step, get a small group together to propose what “Limit Scope” would mean

* Rich will coordinate calls between those and others who might be involved:
  Antoine, Ruben, Tobias, Chalker will send out to at least TSC to see if other people are
  interested.

* Gireesh summary, when we started, we did not have a full definition of the scope. Now that we
  see issues (performance, more challenging to understand code), we are re-evaluating? Rich:
  at a high level, yes. Revalidate original reasons and possibly continue if they make sense

### nodejs/TSC

* Node.js mentorship initiative [#1057](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1057)
  * Alex here from the mentorship initiative to tell us a bit about it
  * Work with groups in the project to find needs, then work to find mentees who are
    a good fit.

* Resigning from CPC Voting Member [#1043](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1043)
  * Rich is willing if nobody else wants to do it, he will, but it would be great if somebody
    wanted to do more with OpenJS would pick it up
  * Matteo just doesn’t have the bandwidth to join the meetings in the time zones. If nobody could do it but would not be able to join any of the meetings.
  * Leave on one more week and then move forward.

* To be or not to be in core [#1041](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1041)
  * Danielle volunteered to setup up a separate meeting to discuss.

* Which teams should be allowed to land pull-requests on nodejs/node? [#1039](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1039)
  * 11 TSC members no objections, commented in issue and removed from tsc-agenda

### nodejs/next-10

* Next-10 - Mini-Summit - Aug 5 [#76](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/76)
  * FYI, good to have TSC members involved.

## Strategic Initiatives

* Core promise APIs, mostly done, but a few key pieces are missing.
  * The biggest one is the HTTP client, which we are pursuing through another venus.
  * Antoine volunteered to take over as the champion.

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>
  Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
