# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2021-03-25

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://youtu.be/YY5mxdW61mk>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/999>

## Present

* Ruben Bridgewater @BridgeAR (TSC)
* Gabriel Schulhof @gabrielschulhof (TSC)
* Mary Marchini @mmarchini (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Myles Borins @MylesBorins (TSC)
* Tobias Nießen @tniessen (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)
* David Guttman (Invited Guest from mentorship team)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Next-10 Survey - <https://nodejs.medium.com/next-10-years-of-node-js-understanding-the-needs-of-the-node-js-constituencies-2f95a1df6a6f>

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

\*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/node

* deps: add Yarn 1.22.5 [#37277](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/37277)
  * no updates so far
  * Yarn is at the top of Rich’s list to test out RFC process
  * We agreed to wait 2 weeks, if no progress we should just consider calling a vote

* TLS: improve compliance with shutdown standard, remove hacks [#36111](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/36111)
  * Tobias -> it involves a lot of issues, asked a bit more info from author

* Rename default branch from "master" to "main" or something similar [#33864](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/33864)
  * some small progress, reminder that we have an ask to help out.

### nodejs/TSC

* Update on Mentoring initiative and looking for interested teams [#994](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/994)
  * David gave us an update

* Charter Undici WG [#975](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/975)
  * Now has a number of +1s, can progress in the issue it.

* any interest in an RFC process? [#962](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/962)
  * Rich working on it (spent an hour this week), should have something next week.

* Apple Silicon plan [#886](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/886)
  * Was discussed in the last Build WG, forward progress being made

### nodejs/admin

* Enable github pages & subdomain for Undici [#590](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/590)
  * FYI, please add your +1 if appropriate.

### nodejs/security-wg

* Potential stagnation of open issues on h1 bounty program [#654](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/654)
  * Still waiting on feedback from OpenJS Foundation staff on proposal.

## Strategic Initiatives

* No updates this week

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
