# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2021-02-04

## Links

* **Recording**: <https://youtu.be/dwHau_D3AzY>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/967>

## Present

* Beth Griggs @BethGriggs (TSC)
* Ruben Bridgewater @BridgeAR (TSC)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Gabriel Schulhof @gabrielschulhof (TSC)
* Gireesh Punathil @gireeshpunathil (TSC)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Michaël Zasso @targos (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Node.js user survey, <https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/nodesurvey21>

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* CPC director election now open, if you have feedback talk to Mary/Joe who
  are the Node.js CPC representatives.

### nodejs/node

* TLS: improve compliance with shutdown standard, remove hacks [#36111](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/36111)
  * James is hoping to review/comment in next week or so.

* Rename default branch from "master" to "main" or something similar [#33864](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/33864)
  * recently renamed node-addon-api
  * Gireesh many are language related ones
  * Ones to be more careful with
    * wg repo, ask WG to rename
    * node
    * build
    * nodejs.org
    * nodejs.dev

* Things that can be affected
  * CI jobs that use repo
  * github actions
  * doc refs
  * Readme icons (CI status etc) are also likely affected for repos that have those.

* Michael to rename TSC one
* Beth will look into Release one

### nodejs/docker-node

* Publish packages to GitHub Registry [#1410](https://github.com/nodejs/docker-node/pull/1410)
  * Nothing more to discuss, removed agenda item.

### nodejs/TSC

* any interest in an RFC process? [#962](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/962)
  * Rich has been trying to connect with Chris Hiller to discuss further.

* Apple Silicon plan [#886](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/886)
  * Matteo, more people are asking about it.
  * Should it be a strategic initiative, it is important to ship it.
    * Looking for volunteer to be Champion.
  * Michael Z, people already think we support it.
    * Has M1, but there is v8 issue that needs to be fixed: <https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/37061>

### nodejs/security-wg

* Potential stagnation of open issues on h1 bounty program [#654](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/654)
  * Michael to follow up and report on it next week.

## Strategic Initiatives

* Core Promise APIS
  * Michael Z - new PR to add promise API for crypto: <https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/37218>

* V8 currency
  * Issue with latest V8.8, debug build flaky on linux.  Looking for help as not quite sure what to
    do.  Otherwise should be ready to go. Issue is at the end of  <https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/36139>

* QUIC
  * was removed from the codebase, will be some news soon

* Build Resources
  * Nothing to report.

## Other

* We also has a discussion on the renaming of N-API to NODE-API. Seemed to be agreement that we can rename in the docs, surrounding/supporting stuff but stop short of changing the symbols, paths etc itself. Goal is that changes in the docs, surrounding/supporting stuff will mitigate the issue such that when people see N-API or napi it will be clear its NODE-API versus anything else.

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
