# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2021-10-21

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://youtu.be/DU-syauZcIE>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1103>

## Present

* Beth Griggs @BethGriggs (TSC)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Danielle Adams @danielleadams (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)
* Richard Lau @richardLau (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* 17.0.1 went out yesterday
* 16.x release yesterday to tidy up in advance of 16 being promoted to LTS next week.
* VoltrexMaster has been nominated/approved as collaborator, Rich onboarding
  them tomorrow (Friday)

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* No board meeting update
* No CPC meeting this week due to NodeConf Remote

### nodejs/node

* add info on project's usage of coverity [40506](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/40506)
  * no concerns expressed from TSC members
  * Richard Lau - we could add additional admins if we wanted to.

* meta: move one or more collaborators to emeritus [#40464](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/40464)
  * Governance requires collaborator to agree or TSC to take action
  * Please review/approve

* doc: document considerations for inclusion in core [#40338](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/40338)
  * Landabled, but wanted in one last meeting for awareness

* Nominating VoltrexMaster as a collaborator [#40323](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/40323)
  * On agenda as per governance

* doc: add initial list of technical priorities [#40235](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/40235)
  * discussed and added at mention to collaborators

* Rename default branch from "master" to "main" [#33864](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/33864)
  * no new update this week

* Migration of core modules to primordials [#30697](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/30697)
  * <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1104> created to start capturing what the vote will be

### nodejs/TSC

* Nominating Richard Lau [#1096](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1096)
  * Closed, Richard now added

* To be or not to be in core [#1041](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1041)
  * Covered earlier under <https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/40338>

## Strategic Initiatives

* No updates this week

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
