# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2021-04-22

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://youtu.be/Q8-c1oQ523Y>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1017>

## Present

* Beth Griggs @BethGriggs (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Gireesh Punathil @gireeshpunathil (TSC)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Michaël Zasso @targos (TSC)
* Tobias Nießen @tniessen (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)
* Robert Naggy (Observer)
* Antoine du Hamel @aduh95 (Observer)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Node v16 released this week!

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

\*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/node

* 2021-04-20, Version 16.0.0 (Current) [#37678](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/37678)
  * version went out, closed.

* deps: add Yarn 1.22.5 [#37277](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/37277)
  * <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1012>
  * No discussion/objections since last week. Proposed vote:
    * Vote is on general direction, not land as is, PR’s need work/review/and may be experimental
    * RCV
    * Questions
      * add corepack
      * add yarn
      * leave things as is
  * Plan is to send this to full TSC in email and then schedule vote for early next week unless there
    are objections.

* TLS: improve compliance with shutdown standard, remove hacks [#36111](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/36111)
  * Had agreed to remove agenda tag in last, meeting removed nothing to discuss

* Rename default branch from "master" to "main" or something similar [#33864](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/33864)
  * Work ongoing, no specific update this week

* Migration of core modules to primordials [#30697](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/30697)
  * Matteo, we need to be very careful with primordials as we’ve seen some significant changes
    performance regressions.
  * The PRs needed more review
  * Gireesh - primordials is it that they are ok stand-alone, but together are a problem, or that
    each of them are an issue.
  * Matteo, some are ok, some are not.
  * Antoine, hard to know which ones are an issue, down to v8 magic
    * How when reviewing, which is hot path?
  * Matteo, that is part of the issue, it’s not documented and it’s hard to know.
    * The surprise to Matteo was the one that landed in async hooks. It is a very sensitive area.
    * Others were very tricky, would not have been easy to catch them (not necessarily hot
      paths by themselves, but affected V8 inlining)
  * Should try to document hot paths in the code when we spot them.
  * Michael add to collaborator guide
  * Matteo, we could create an FAQ.
  * Antoine, http simple seems to time out after a few hours
  * Antoine will take a fist cut, of doc in “docs/guides”
  * Robert, did we raise with V8 team? Matteo, don’t believe so
  * Robert do we proceed, or pause
  * Suggestion is that we proceed, but with more caution.
  * Matteo, would recommend pause but we can continue as long as we are
    aware and pay attention.

### nodejs/TSC

* Moderation Team Certification [#1014](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1014)
  * Not much has happened, no new nominations,
  * Once TSC chair nomination is complete, then will open issue to re-certify.

* Revist the meeting times [#1004](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1004)
  * Ask Chalker to get updated data and then we’ll move based on that.

* Nominations for TSC Membership [#1000](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1000)
  * \+1's through email and in meeting:
    * Gireesh
    * Tobias
    * Rich
    * Myles
    * Dan
    * Mary
    * Michaël Zasso
    * Shelley
    * James
    * Joyee
    * Colin
    * Beth
    * Michael
  * 13, +1 votes, no objections, confirming as elected. Rich will start onboarding issue.

* any interest in an RFC process? [#962](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/962)
  * Rich take off agenda, going to come back to it, but will take a few weeks.

* Apple Silicon plan [#886](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/886)
  * We can close this, since releases went out with M1 support.

### nodejs/security-wg

* Potential stagnation of open issues on h1 bounty program [#654](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/654)
  * Michael working with Snyk/OpenJS foundation on blog post related to handling backlog.
  * Hope we can close out within a few weeks.

## Strategic Initiatives

* Core Promise APIs
  * nothing new this week
* V8 Currency
  * Some issues with the next V8 version, not sure how to handle them
  * PR: <https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/38273>
  * One is on Windows, issue with abort on uncaught exception flag: <https://github.com/nodejs/node-v8/issues/197>
  * Other one is related to linux perf, we only run when we update v8: <https://github.com/nodejs/node-v8/issues/198>
* Build resources
  * 2 addition M1s at NearForm
  * Big thanks to Rod/Richard

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
