# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2021-10-27

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://youtu.be/adErb5mrVfU>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1108>

## Present

* Antoine du Hamel @aduh95 (TSC)
* Beth Griggs @BethGriggs (TSC)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Gireesh Punathil @gireeshpunathil (TSC)
* Joyee Cheung @joyeecheung (TSC)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Richard Lau @richardlau (TSC)
* Robert Nagy @ronag (TSC)
* Michaël Zasso @targos (TSC)
* Tobias Nießen @tniessen (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Node.js 16.x is now LTS with the code name Gallium.

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

### nodejs/node

* doc: add info on project's usage of coverity [#40506](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/40506)
  * Landed, nothing to discuss this week

* doc: add initial list of technical priorities [#40235](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/40235)
  * Mini-summit planned on 18th of November for Next 10 Years to cover types and single executable applications

* Rename default branch from "master" to "main" [#33864](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/33864)
  * Build repo, core repo, and two or so more still need to have the branch renamed.
  * Richard will add this to the Build WG agenda for the repositories owned by the Build WG.

* Migration of core modules to primordials [#30697](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/30697)
  * Gireesh will initiate a voting procedure for this topic for the TSC. The three options are documented
  in issue [#1104](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1104) in the TSC. Gireesh is waiting for a week to try to clarify one of the options about
  migrate-some-but-not-others. Expectation is that we will start voting next week.

### nodejs/TSC

* Updated security team to reflect the status quo [#1102](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/1102)
  * Matteo explains that many people listed, but almost none do triage. It’s mostly Matteo with a little bit of help from Vladimir.
  * Some of the discussions are very long and sometimes draining.
  * Robert has offered to try to do more triaging.

* add security triaging to core repo GOVERNANCE.md and/or charter? [#1100](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1100)
  * See previous item.

## Strategic Initiatives

* Startup performance: landed most precursor PRs for the user land snapshot prototype, explored some snapshot options
  suggested by the V8 team and also looked into integration with Web Snapshots
  (trimmed-down version of the startup snapshot). The userland snapshot prototype is functional with the
  TypeScript compiler, still needing APIs for state synchronization and proper workarounds (or support) for Fast APIs
* Core Promise APIs: nothing of note
* V8 Currency: nothing of note

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
