# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2021-07-14

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://youtu.be/d_IhaLowQMQ>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1054>

## Present

* Antoine du Hamel @aduh95 (TSC)
* Beth Griggs @BethGriggs (TSC)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Danielle Adams @danielleadams (TSC)
* Gireesh Punathil @gireeshpunathil (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Michaël Zasso @targos (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Rich - new Node.js release (done by Michaël Zasso)

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

No board meeting updates

### nodejs/node

* Future of the Node HTTP Client  [#38533](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/38533)
  * Nothing specific to talk about on this one this week

* Rename default branch from "master" to "main" or something similar [#33864](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/33864)
  * ongoing progress, getting close to having to tackle ones which will be a bit more difficult
  * gireesh what about people who push master branch afterwards
  * some discussion as accidental push, would that affect the redirect?

* Migration of core modules to primordials [#30697](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/30697)
  * Need some other people to join into the discussion
  * Antoine, need other people to join the discussion, he prefers status quo (continue to migrate).
  * One alternative is to restrict to some parts of core
  * Lets leave on the agenda to see if we can get a different set of people to discuss next time.

### nodejs/TSC

* Resigning from CPC Voting Member [#1043](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1043)
  * Call for anybody who might be interested, Michael can provide context info on the role

* To be or not to be in core [#1041](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1041)
  * Danielle will organize a meeting to discuss

* Which teams should be allowed to land pull requests on nodejs/node? [#1039](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1039)
  * Discussion of manual-land label, block landing with commit queue
  * No objections from those at the meeting
  * Will leave on agenda one more week, if no objections by then assume triagers can land using commit queue.

### nodejs/admin

* doc: remove section on export control [#617](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/pull/617)
  * landed, so nothing to talk about.
## Strategic Initiatives

* V8 Currency
  * nothing to discuss this week
  * V8 9.2 is almost ready to land, just waiting for stable release next week.
  * build resources, agreed we should close for now.

Next-10 team planning mini-summit - <https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/76>

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
