# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2022-07-27

## Links

* **Recording**:  <http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pBF8kWqcD-A>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1264>

## Present

* Antoine du Hamel @aduh95 (TSC)
* Ruben Bridgewater @BridgeAR (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Geoffrey Booth @GeoffreyBooth (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Richard Lau @richardlau (TSC)
* Robert Nagy @ronag (TSC)
* Tobias Nießen @tniessen (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* 18.x release yesterday
* Collaborator summit Oct 1/2 just before NodeConf.eu

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* Working session, this week, retro on event
* Election for board seat is active, a Node.js few people running.

### nodejs/node

* Ruthlessly mark tests that fail frequently as flaky [#43955](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/43955)
  * Rich, nothing stops people being ruthless
  * Robert, some concern that would be seen as subverting the process
  * Tobias, we don’t intend to have a tool to automatically mark as flaky, Antoine is working on
    tools to better understand if a test is flaky.  First pass is to try 10 times to see if its really
    flaky or not.
  * Robert, missing point, hard to land PRs because CI is so flaky
  * Geoffrey, marked flaky effectively disables test. Today we re-run until it passes
    That is still better that auto-flaky as we know if will pass sometimes.
  * Antoine, changes landed, when marked as flaky will keep running until test pass.
  * Michael, new test could we run it 10 times and required that it passes 10 times.
  * Tobias, agree with starting statement that anybody can mark as flaky.

* src,lib: print source map error source on demand [#43875](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/43875)
  * @nodejs/tsc would you be willing to land this in Node v18 with do-not-backport flags for v16?
  * Ruben, we should just remove SemVer major label and handle as non SemVer major
  * Antoine said +1, Error messages are typically not considered part of stable API
  * Michael +1 as well, anybody have any objections?

### nodejs/i18n

* I would like to become a member [#612](https://github.com/nodejs/i18n/issues/612)
  * Rich, removed TSC agenda agenda, he is handling it. Need to get access to Crowdin back,
    valuable functionality there.
  * Rich has pinged Ben to see if he has the privileges.

## Strategic Initiatives

* ShadowRealm integration
  * Legendecas - with @joyeecheung's helpful reviews (thank you joyee!), finishing up the design doc
    and started the works on distinguishing per-isolate / per-environment properties like
    nodejs/node#43802 and nodejs/node#43781.
* Next 10
  * Michael - session on TypeScript tomorrow - <https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/149>
* Core Promise apis
  * no update
* Single executable apps
  * Michael - incoming for request in admin repo for team/repo to discuss/investigate some of the key
    questions/issues that need to be resolved

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Project Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
