# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2022-03-31

## Links

* **Recording**:  <http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DFlvxeDa_nQ>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1196>

## Present

* Antoine du Hamel @aduh95 (TSC)
* Anatoli Papirovski @apapirovski (TSC)
* Beth Griggs @BethGriggs (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Gireesh Punathil @gireeshpunathil (TSC)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Darshan Sen @RaisinTen (TSC)
* Richard Lau @richardlau (TSC)
* Robert Nagy @ronag (TSC)
* Tobias Nießen @tniessen (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Richard, release proposal for final 12.x release, v12.22.12, <https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/42531> with release candidate binaries available. Also reminder that it goes EOL
  at the end of April so make sure you are planning to move off.
* Rich, 18.x coming out in a few weeks as well.

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* CPC update - no updates this week. Elections are coming up soon.
* Board meeting - Nothing of note this week.

### nodejs/node

* export v8 trace API [#42462](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/42462)
  * Deferred to a meeting where we have James

* module: ensure 'node:'-only modules can access node_modules [#42430](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/42430)
  * started with `test_runner`, then asked to use `node:test` instead. PR
    tagged was a bug fix to that.
  * Colin -> should move back to test_runner top level module, no conflict
    and consistent with current practice.  Avoids confusion, security issues
    of people installing the wrong thing.
  * Antoine in favor of enforcing the node: scheme for all new modules.
    Better decision long term
  * Biggest issue is with `node:` scheme is name confusion.
  * Currently needs to be SemVer major if we don’t use the `node:` scheme.
    But we could prevent loading if module available through `node:` scheme
    and throw an error.
  * Tobias, asked about conflict between the names, issue is though that people
    could be confused and load foo
  * Richard, if we are not going to allow userland modules with the same namespace
    then what is the point.
  * Antoine, long term plan would be to have all modules under the `node:` scheme
    but don’t need to force that.
  * Michael, since it can happen already due to namespaces, how much risk does it
    add?
  * Richard, could we add a flag which prevented it.
  * Antoine, if we use `node:` scheme is breaking change as it required changes
    in test scheme.
  * Rich: Let's take this back to the issue tracker, and commit to make a decision in the
    next 7 days.

* stream: graduate web streams from experimental and expose as globals [#42225](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/42225)
  * Matteo: extremely slow and would not recommend anybody using them
  * Ronag: we don’t have a maintainer for them
  * Richard: don’t think performance has been a requirement for experimental
  * Gireesh: In the past for some features we have had a set of requirements,
    considerations.
  * Bethany - Expose as global and move out of experimental could be two
    separate questions? (I think?)
  * Antoine, agree they could be separate, which part is the block
  * Matteo, ok if we move to globals, remove experimental warning, but leave as
    doc experimental.
  * Ronag, second Matteo’s suggestion
  * Ronag, priority to have stable fetch which would need this, but
    need to make sure it is good enough before we do that.
  * Gireesh, requirements from - <https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/37748>
    * The module has been there for a while,
    * evidence of usage in the field exists,
    * test coverage
    * last API interface change, quite long ago
  * We agreed on Matteo’s suggestion

* Rename default branch from "master" to "main" [#33864](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/33864)
  * No updates this week.

### nodejs/TSC

* Daily notable summary - good idea? [#1194](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1194)
  * Richard, concerned that it will be hard to know when something will be interesting to
    other collaborators.
  * A few people mentioned, not convinced, skeptical?
  * Matteo: open up for non-collaborators to be able to subscribe, that would be
    one advantage. That would help to get broader info. Have been asked for that.
  * Gireesh: would not be 100% as match with individual interest may be different, but
    better than nothing
  * Antoine has same concern as Richard (will it help).

* nodejs distributions are not affected the same way by security releases [#1187](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1187)
  * FYI to TSC, plan to land tomorrow unless there are any objections

* Publishing specs for `Buffer` and `EventEmitter` [#1176](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1176)
  * Defer to a meeting where we have James

### nodejs/admin

* Give Alix Robinson from Linux Foundation access to youtube account [#673](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/673)
  * No objections

### nodejs/next-10

* Next-10 Mini summit  - WASM and Permissions/policies/security model [#124](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/124)
  * Fyi to TSC and we agreed to move next weeks meeting

## Strategic Initiatives

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Project Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
