# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2022-07-13

## Links

* **Recording**: <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HcqZgAmc4PI>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1259>
* **Minutes Google Doc**: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1i3lb3bQAsDJRKQgjUtqRnVbGcEaWHR4mriNhAldo6EQ/edit>

## Present
* Beth Griggs @BethGriggs (TSC)
* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Geoffrey Booth @GeoffreyBooth (TSC)
* Gireesh Punathil @gireeshpunathil (TSC)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (TSC)
* Darshan Sen @RaisinTen (TSC)
* Richard Lau @richardlau (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Security release were released last week <https://nodejs.org/en/blog/vulnerability/july-2022-security-releases/>

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.*

### nodejs/node

* Move stream development out from core [#43520](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/43520)
  * Matteo: Move back to GitHub..
  * Rich: Someone can move it back to the tsc-agenda if necessary.

* Proposal: Node.js vendor namespace [#43413](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/43413)
  * Matteo: Added to TSC agenda by James.
  * Rich: Just awareness for now?
  * Richard: There have been things raised in the issue about having a high bar for including something. But until that’s actually realized as actual examples, it’s difficult to say more than “it’s a high bar”. The concerns expressed are valid, though. There could be a lot of work involved in maintenance. The proposal is not sufficiently concrete yet to get more specific than that.
  * Matteo: I don’t know the next step. The discussion is happening on GitHub.
  * Bethany: I have concerns regarding backporting. Most of these modules do not maintain multiple versions and we do not want to be stuck creating backports for security fixes once they've created a new version.
  * Geoffrey: It’s more of a project management decision than a technical one. Do we want to be responsible for this? And many other questions. How do we handle major version bumps? And so on.
  * Rich: I don't think there's a conversation that needs to happen here. It’s happening in GitHub and it's documented for everyone there and that's appropriate.
  * Gireesh: I don’t see any clear TSC-specific question in the issue and the discussion is happening there, which is appropriate.

* Consider explicit string formatting module [#43382](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/43382)
  * Matteo: This is partially related to the previous item, although it was a bit more heated for a while. The tsc-agenda label was added by me for awareness.
  * Rich: I do think that's an important one for TSC folks to follow. It's a high-stakes issue politically. Or at least was. Doesn't mean it needs to be on the agenda necessarily. Just asking everyone to follow it.
  * Geoffrey: There are a lot of parts. Opinions about chalk, opinions about built-in vendored module spaces, etc.
  * Matteo: We have a lot of string-formatting behavior in core. It starts to become convoluted and I agree with Ruben. Other questions are related to ESM.
  * Bethany: There was an ask from Benjamin that the TSC consider the impact that these decisions will have on ecosystem modules such as sponsorship.
  * Matteo: It’s not easy. There are a lot of ramifications.
  * Rich: It’s not easy but there’s also no rush.

* util: add colorText method [#43371](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/43371)
  * Matteo: Back to GitHub.

### nodejs/TSC

* Node.js CPC membership for 2022-2023 [#1258](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1258)
  * Rich: No one self-nominated, so I propose that we re-appoint Joe Sepi and me.
  * Matteo: Seconded. We do not have quorum, though. Leave on the agenda.

### nodejs/i18n

* I would like to become a member [#612](https://github.com/nodejs/i18n/issues/612)
  * Matteo: We keep kicking this one to the next agenda. Let’s try to make some progress today?
  * Rich: I think we should make the decision to wind it down but that's bad optics.
  * Matteo: I propose that too.
  * Nikita: +1
  * Rich: We have people that will volunteer for these kinds of things, but we don’t have the ability to sustain it.

## Strategic Initiatives

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Project Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
