# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2023-09-27

## Links

* **Recording**: <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iQA12qxt5zE>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1442>

## Present

* Antoine du Hamel @aduh95 (voting member)
* Yagiz Nizipli @anonrig (voting member)
* Benjamin Gruenbaum @benjamingr (voting member)
* Geoffrey Booth @GeoffreyBooth (voting member)
* Gireesh Punathil @gireeshpunathil (voting member)
* Joyee Cheung @joyeecheung (voting member)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (voting member)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (voting member)
* Moshe Atlow @MoLow (voting member)
* Rafael Gonzaga @RafaelGSS (voting member)
* Darshan Sen @RaisinTen (voting member)
* Richard Lau @richardlau (voting member)
* Robert Nagy @ronag (voting member)
* Ruy Adorno @ruyadorno (voting member)
* Michaël Zasso @targos (voting member)
* Livia Medeiros @LiviaMedeiros (guest)

## Agenda

### Announcements

<https://www.nodeconf.eu/> discount code for collaborators, ping @mcollina for it.
Draft proposal for Node.js 21, maybe 1 week maximum to land any remaining SemVer majors.

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

\*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

BlueOak license discussion in the board, planning apply to be in the OSI list, currently on the member legal council table.

### nodejs/nodejs

* module: support ES modules without file extension within module scope [#49531](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/49531)
  * Geoffrey - believe should land flagged along with being able to do it everywhere versus one specific case.
  * Matteo - a few weeks out from making 20 LTS, should not be backported to 20 unflagged. Otherwise, if we are sure it will not break anybody then agree it is SemVer minor.
  * Liva - agrees
  * Antoine, agree it will not break anybody
  * Matteo, ok to land in 21, but for 20 should be flagged.
  * Geoffrey, already have PR to land flagged in 20
  * Geoffrey, suggesting we wait a release or 2 after it lands, then unblock follow on PRs on 21.x line.
  * Antoine are we mixing two things. Extensionless within a scope and without a scope?
  * Geoffrey,
  * Matteo, as I understand. Want to add big flagged PR first, let it settle a bit before landing the others, and Livia disagrees with that.
  * Antoine, they have the same magic byte check?
    * Geoffrey, yes, larger flagged PR pull code from Livia’s PRs
  * Livia intends to block 49869 for reasons posted in the issue
  * Antoine - maybe we can find common ground
  * Antoine, two big PRs are difficult to review, can we break into something smaller?
  * Michael, Geoffrey is main different flagged or unflagged?
    * Geoffrey, there are additional things the flag controls over what was pulled from Livia’s PRs
  * Michael Zasso, why would you want to import WASM without an extension?
  * Antoine, good not to close the door, even if we don’t currently understand the use case.
    * Michael, agree but don’t need to implement now
    * Geoffrey, but we do, if there is objection to magic bytes approach
    * If there is no objection then lets land the magic bytes check, but would like it in before we support extensionless JavaScript
    * Antoine, sounds good to me
  * Antoine, small PR that adds extensionless support ?
  * Rafael, could we rediscuss next week to give people to review
    * Geoffrey only have a week left to land in 21.x
    * Does not need to be in 21.x as SemVer minor, but want it there to get publicity
  * Livia -  I'm fine with landing 49869 ASAP after removal of extensionless part from it
  * Geoffrey, will do follow up where extensionless files do not require the flag
    * proposal is to land
      * Land  49869 ASAP, then submit new PR to move extensionless outside of the flag, mark those as don’t backport to 20.x initially
      * Goal is that both land in 21.0.0.
      * Matteo benefit is that we can backport 49869 to 20.x.
      * Seems like we have a path forward.

### nodejs/admin

* Collaborator Changes - More Privacy [#834](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/834)

* Have a mascot [#828](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/828)

* Create `nodejs/socket` repository for Node.js implementation of Cloudflare's Socket API [#826](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/826)

## Strategic Initiatives

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Project Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
