# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2023-01-04

## Links

* **Recording**:  <http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9xnj2ntyVNc>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1323>

## Present

* Antoine du Hamel @aduh95 (TSC)
* Anatoli Papirovski @apapirovski (TSC)
* Beth Griggs @BethGriggs (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Danielle Adams @danielleadams (TSC)
* Geoffrey Booth @GeoffreyBooth (TSC)
* Gireesh Punathil @gireeshpunathil (TSC)
* James Snell @jasnell (TSC)
* Joyee Cheung @joyeecheung (TSC)
* Chengzhong Wu @legendecas (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Rafael Gonzaga @RafaelGSS (TSC)
* Darshan Sen @RaisinTen (TSC)
* Richard Lau @richardlau (TSC)
* Robert Nagy @ronag (TSC)
* Tobias Nießen @tniessen (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Rafael, working on releasing 19.X some issues but should be out today.
* Danielle, working on 18.X release, working on it, hoping for today/tomorrow

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/node

* events,bootstrap: make globalThis extend EventTarget [#45993](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/45993)
  * James, web platform compatibility question
    * globalThis extends EventTarget in browsers/deno
    * cons
      * key argument against it is that we use process to emit events, second path could
        cause confusion.
      * It’s a breaking change on its own
      * If browser developers were to do it again feedback is that they would not do it again
    * Pro is web compatibility
  * Geoffrey
    * Any way to have toggle on/off
    * James, in my opinion likely does not add enough value
    * Joyee, would add complexity for module authors as well
  * James, have discussed in WinterCG if to make globalThis part of minimal
    requirements, decided not to.
  * Tobias, trying to find out the value of doing it.
    * background, its related to WebWorker compatibility, would be a requirement for that.
  * James, cloudflare workers is trying to move away from the model that requires globalThis
    being event target.
  * James, web worker implementation could provide a globalThis that does extend EventTarget
  * Ronag, would we make registering on globalThis just register on process. Likely not since
    events methods get a this.
  * At this point the consensus seems to be that value does not outway the issues/problems
  * Is there anything that is impossible because of this would be the last question to answer
    * Antoine - dispatching custom events on globalThis
    * James already possible use vm module to run with globalThis that extends EventTarget
    * Matteo raised concerns on brittleness of the pattern as well
  * Comment on issue
    We discussed in the TSC meeting today, at this point the consensus seems to be that value
    does not outway the issues/problems unless there is a compelling use case we are not aware
    of. We understand it could be useful for some cases (like webworkers) case but feel there are
    workarounds.
* Proposal: Subdivide “Experimental” Status [45900](https://github.com/nodejs/node/discussions/45900)
  * We had a good discussion on the topic, no consensus, but some agreement it’s something
    we should continue to discuss see what we can document/agree on.
  * Geoffrey
    * I’ll open a PR on the `node` repo to update
      <https://github.com/nodejs/node/blob/main/doc/api/documentation.md> to list the new
      subdivisions within “experimental” proposed here. In this first PR I’ll leave out any discussion
      of flags or warnings.
    * Once ☝️ lands, I’ll open a follow-up PR adding requirements for each level, such as flags or
      warnings.
    * Concurrent with the second PR, we need to review the docs and update all the currently
      experimental features to distinguish which experimental level they are. I don’t anticipate us
      adding any flags or warnings to experimental features that currently lack them, but we can
      consider doing so if we think they might be warranted.
    * Once the above is complete, this would become the process for new experimental features
      going forward, that would be considered the “default” process unless we decide to grant
      exceptions on a case-by-case basis.

* test_runner: add initial code coverage support [#46017](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/46017)
  * Colin, one issue is that experimental flags can’t be removed except with a SemVer major
  * Geoffrey, don’t think that’s a good enough reason not to inform users that they are using an
     experimental feature.
  * discussion ongoing
* doc: change fetch from experimental to stable [#45684](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/45684)
  * Antoine - blocked because webstreams are still experimental
  * Robert
    * webstreams are tricky as we don’t have too many people working on them actively
    * Rafael only problem is performance issues, but should not be a blocker for making
       fetch stable
    * Blocker is that we would have to move webstreams to stable and then after that move fetch
    * Rafael, working on making webstream stable
    * Robert if webstreams were stable then would be ok to make fetch stable.
    * Next step is to get webstreams to stable and then will check with James and then work to
        move forward.
        
* stream: expose stream symbols [#45671](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/45671)
  * Antoine plans to take a look in terms of moving forward.
  * Colin, hidden symbols could be undocumented API
  * Robert, does not have any effect on public readable streams API
  * Antoine unless some userland library started to use them.
  * Robert, not sure how to do it without doing it
  * Antoine should they be _ properties?.  Maybe add underscore trailing getter to get the properly.
  * Suggestions will be added to the PR.

* Expose Undici's ProxyAgent and setGlobalDispatcher within Node [#43187](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/43187)
  * Skipped until next time

## Strategic Initiatives

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Project Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
