# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2023-08-23

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PkpPM9e5spM>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1428>

## Present

* Benjamin Gruenbaum @benjamingr (voting member)
* Geoffrey Booth @GeoffreyBooth (voting member)
* Gireesh Punathil @gireeshpunathil (voting member)
* Chengzhong Wu @legendecas (voting member)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (voting member)
* Moshe Atlow @MoLow (voting member)
* Darshan Sen @RaisinTen (voting member)
* Richard Lau @richardlau (voting member)
* Tobias Nießen @tniessen (voting member)
* Claudio Wunder @ovflowd (Guest presenting on new WebSite design)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* No announcements this week

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* Nominations for OpenJS CPC voting members #819

### nodejs/node

* esm: add import.meta.dirname and import.meta.filename [#48740](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/48740)
  * Proposal opened on WinterCG site, but no response
    * pinged both Bun and Deno, but no response.
    * leave on agenda until next WinterCG meeting
    * Michael suggested we should have separate issue about SemVer major or not for things in import.meta
      * Geoffrey to open issue to discuss that.

### nodejs/TSC

* openjs-foundation/community-fund#36 to represent TSC to TC39.
  * Working as Champion on TC39 proposal related AsyncStorage proposal. Would like to be there in person to present stage 2 proposal.
  * 10 +1s to support requests on behalf of TSC from those in meeting and who chimed in through slack

* Collaborator Meeting before the NodeConfEU #1422
  * Discussed and agree last time, removing from agenda

* Remaining OSSF Funding #1384
  * Agreed we could remove from agenda

### nodejs/admin

* Nominations for OpenJS CPC voting members #819
  * FYI given

* Redesign of Node.js Website #818
  * Claudio took us through the proposed layout and content.
  * Tobias, was mentioned that Website team would not be responsible for content (in context of Learn content). So who would be responsible for this content?
    * Claudio - was created out of past work from Website team, going forward teams across the project (any core collaborator) would own this content be able to managed/update.
  * Fair amount of discussion on download page
    * Richard -> Package manager are not controlled by project, should not be first choice
    * Michael -> seems to miss option for binaries (prebuilt installer does not cover that)
    * Tobias -> concern about recommend/show installing with package managers.

* Enable GitHub Codespaces for Node.js [#808](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/808)
  * Can remove from agenda

### nodejs/undici

* expose websocket in node bundle [#2217](https://github.com/nodejs/undici/pull/2217)
  * Lets leave on agenda until we have Matteo in the meeting
  * Adds global which gives access to WebSocket client

## Strategic Initiatives

* Skipped as we ran out of time

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Project Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
