# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2023-10-25

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q64U3T54j2s>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1457>

## Present

* Antoine du Hamel @aduh95 (voting member)
* Yagiz Nizipli @anonrig (voting member)
* Benjamin Gruenbaum @benjamingr (voting member)
* Ruben Bridgewater @BridgeAR (voting member)
* Geoffrey Booth @GeoffreyBooth (voting member)
* Gireesh Punathil @gireeshpunathil (voting member)
* Joyee Cheung @joyeecheung (voting member)
* Chengzhong Wu @legendecas (voting member)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (voting member)
* Moshe Atlow @MoLow (voting member)
* Rafael Gonzaga @RafaelGSS (voting member)
* Richard Lau @richardlau (voting member)
* Robert Nagy @ronag (voting member)
* Ruy Adorno @ruyadorno (voting member)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Richard - Node.js 20 went LTS on Tuesday, Yay!

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

* No updates this week

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/node

* navigator object breaks projects in v21.0.0 [#50269](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/50269)
  *Robert - pretty much resolved
  * Geoffrey, lessons learned
    * we should added more values together, now added the other one
    * did not have enough coverage in CITGM, adding Next.js which should help
  * Antoine, we should also have a flag to disable?
    * Geoffrey, we can just disabled with existing options instead
  * Richard, if we added with flag, disabled then set as on, would also backporting and provide
    for work around if a problem comes up when there is a problem

* test: set test-fs-watch as flaky [#50250](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/50250)
  * Michael - would be good to have some sort of minimal requirement
  * Joyee - we can set threshold high to start, then we can adjust from there.
    Would be good to start high bart to start
  * Richard, Marco is working on automation to mark test as flaky, have some reservations as
    we need to make sure we come back to fix things. Note that if job is yellow it gets restarted if
    you resume a build
  * Rafael, if test is flaky for 6 months, we should probably just remove the test
  * Robert, also need to consider how people work. Some don’t want things flagged as flaky
    as nobody will fix them. But most people just re-run, 80% of collaborators do that.  Second
    that we should just remove the tests.
  * Geoffrey, better way would be to prevent flaky tests from getting in, in the first place. Could
    CI run new tests in pipeline to check for flakiness.
  * Robert that does not solve current situation
  * Yagiz, new collaborator, new contributor, see failures so don’t know that it’s flaky, should
    remove that for new collaborators.
  * Michael, might be able to change processes to reduce/change what you need to do with
    tests.
  * Richard, would object to changing the process as see collaborators who land even when
    introducing flakes.
  * Joyee, do need to capture info about tests that fail, sometimes flakes appeared from bugs and we need historical records about them to have more clues
  * Richard, there has been a post on third party flake testing tool
  * Michael to open issue to continue discussion in.

* Revert "doc: promote fetch/webstreams from experimental to stable" [#49867](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/49867)
  * Richard, problem is that fetch does not fit into our stability matrix
    * Original suggestion was that it should be experimental. We marked it as stable in 21.
  * Robert, we could have undici do a SemVer major, and don’t do those in Node.js minor
     Releases, Don’t see any reason to have Node.js have the latest and greatest.
  * Robert, other question is WebStreams, but level of activity seems lower there.
  * Yagiz, URL also makes breaking changes, but because nobody uses origin not an issue.
  * Next step, Robert will make his proposal and we’ll see how that goes.

* tools: add package-lock when installing npm dependency [#49747](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/49747)
  * Michael gave overview
  * Some discussion

* The env var `NODE_V8_COVERAGE` intermittently causes the process to hang [#49344](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/49344)
  * Colin mentioned that Undici work around has reduced the incidence
  * Rafael, ongoing investigation no solution

* Support for file-system based persistent code cache in user-land module loaders [#47472](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/47472)
  * Joyee, popular package that monkey patches loader to provide persistent cache to speed up
    loading modules. A feature like this would speed up 2nd run.
  * Some concerns about security, if persisted to disk, possible for attacker to corrupt cache.
    Asking the TSC to discuss if this is a big enough concern to block the feature.
  * Ran out of time so leaving on the agenda for more discussion next time.

### nodejs/admin

* Have a mascot [#828](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/828)
  * Update from OpenJS staff covered in private session

* Create `nodejs/socket` repository for Node.js implementation of Cloudflare's Socket API [#826](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/826)
  * Discussed last time, skip as we ran out of time

## Strategic Initiatives

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Project Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
