# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2023-06-14

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NFb_ZQwdC5o>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1400>

## Present

* Gireesh Punathil @gireeshpunathil (voting member)
* Joyee Cheung @joyeecheung (voting member)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (voting member)
* Richard Lau @richardlau (voting member)
* Robert Nagy @ronag (voting member)
* Ruy Adorno @ruyadorno (voting member)
* Tobias Nießen @tniessen (voting member)
* Claudio Wunder @ovflowd (Guest)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Richard, security releases planned for Next week. Planned for June 20th, CI will be locked down starting Thursday.
* Collab Summit Planning for OpenJS EU is starting soon . Planned for 18th of September before the main conference.

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* No updates

### nodejs/node-gyp

* DISCUSSION: Release handling [#2860](https://github.com/nodejs/node-gyp/issues/2860)
  * Richard - node-gyp is JavaScript wrapper used to build addons. Npm automatically uses for addons with a binding.gyp
    * Rod had been keeping it going, but he no longer has time.
    * It is still an important module. We need to keep it going
      * This modules is all JavaScript
      * need people who will review/approve PRs
      * need people who will do releases

### nodejs/node

* module: make CJS load from ESM loader [#47999](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/47999)
  * On agenda for FYI, longer term effort. Going to remove from agenda for now.

### nodejs/TSC

* How to handle "experimental" status when adoption is significant? [#1397](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1397)
  * Michael added as an FYI - was discussed in previous meeting as well.
  * Removed from agenda.
  * Robert - maybe we should not add additional experimental features until this is resolved.
  * Ruy maybe tag for release agenda.

* Remaining OSSF Funding [#1384](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1384)
  * No objections from those in the TSC meeting today.

* CLI tools behind a Nodejs namespace [#1178](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1178)
  * Leave on agenda until meeting were we have Danielle to make sure all questions have been addressed.

### nodejs/admin

* Archive nodejs/help in favor of a Help Section on Discussions [#802](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/802)
  * Gireesh, finds issues are better for the kinds of discussions that take place
  * The current repo has been in place for many years, changing would lose the knowledge built up around finding/getting people to the repo’
  * Main issue is getting more people to help
  * Michael - prefer to rely on those doing the triage today and Gireesh is one of those so would like to leave as is based in his input.
  * Tobias, 2 orthogonal concerns moving to discussions, level of engagement.
  * No strong discussions,

### nodejs/next-10

* Metadata Proposal for Docs [#166](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/166)
  * More discussion updates based on feedback
  * Updated approach
    * Already have code snippets in docs
    * Put typescript in standard markdown code blocks. Would be immediately after the heading
      * Still rendered as something more readable.
    * use Typescript format, immediately after heading, inline type definition using TypeScript.
      * opens up some new opportunities
      * Conversion tool will make first attempt at generating types.
        * Michael, possible to use existing types? Some discussion, interesting idea but there might be complications
      * Gireesh could open up new opportunities for Diagnostics. For example Diagnostic report could provide links to API for methods on stack.
  * Some good discussion
    * Tobias, we should have updated example for collaborators in the broader discussion
  * Ruy - Release lines, what is the proposal
    * Tooling would be able to generate for each of the release lines
    * Backport only to release lines that are non-Maintenance
  * No remaining objections/concerns from TSC members before getting feedback from broader collaborator audience.

## Strategic Initiatives

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Project Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
