# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2024-08-21

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1t6DuX4-Ae4>
* **GitHub Issue**:<https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1607>

## Present

* Antoine du Hamel @aduh95 (voting member)
* Yagiz Nizipli @anonrig (voting member)
* Benjamin Gruenbaum @benjamingr (voting member)
* Ruben Bridgewater @BridgeAR (voting member)
* Joyee Cheung @joyeecheung (voting member)
* Chengzhong Wu @legendecas (voting member)
* Marco Ippolito @marco-ippolito (voting member)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (voting member)
* Moshe Atlow @MoLow (voting member)
* Rafael Gonzaga @RafaelGSS (voting member)
* Robert Nagy @ronag (voting member)
* Ruy Adorno @ruyadorno (voting member)
* Paolo Insogna @ShogunPanda (voting member)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Marco 20.17.0 will be released just after this meeting
* Rafael, 22.7.0 will be released tomorrow.

### Reminders

* Remember to nominate people for the [contributor spotlight](https://github.com/nodejs/node/blob/main/doc/contributing/reconizing-contributors.md#bi-monthly-contributor-spotlight)

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* No updates this week

### nodejs/node

* lib: Symbol.dispose should be enabled with experimental flag [#54329](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/54329)
  * two issues
    * the whole ecmascript feature is unfinished, should there be an experimental warning?
    * for the future how do we want experimental global api additions
      * in v8 experimental features are hidden behind a flag while incomplete
      * the suggestion could be to apply SemVer major for each experimental feature exposed to
        the global scope, or basic TSC consensus for each one.
    * Marco, generally we should be cautious on polyfills, should likely mark as SemVer major as
      the default approach
    * Benjamin, in the specific case of Symbol.dispse, it implements the minimum to allow other
      tools to prototype and implement. In retrospective, agree it should go through the TSC,
      make it SemVer major by default. We have process/tooling to handle that. Last year warning
      might have made sense in this specific case, but not so much anymore, but don’t feel to
      strongly.
    * Michael any concern over policy of making SemVer major by default
    * Marco, agree that for specific instance don’t need to do anything, but in the future polyfills
      should be SemVer major.
    * Chengzhong, when exposed on Global scope -> SemVer major. In addition should it require
      an experimental flag to start if feature is incomplete
    * Antoine, if we use experimental flag, that is not SemVer major, right?
    * Chengzhong, agree without experimental flag SemVer major, but not if it has the
      experimental flag
    * Benjamin, believe it may depend on the situation, so probably better to mark always as
      SemVer major to have it go through the TSC for analysis/discussion.
    * Antoine, not sure if we need that for additions which are under a flag. So don’t think
      something under an experimental flag should need SemVer major
    * Benjamin, if there are cross-cutting concerns that originator is not aware on.
    * Antoine, would prefer to just make it informal.
    * Marco, not SemVer major in terms of breaking, but is in terms of consensus, so marking as
      SemVer major.
    * Antoine, not opposed to always be SemVer major if understanding is that it would be
      removed after TSC discussion.
    * Consensus is
      * that we will ask that experimental APIs on the Global scope will always be
        marked as SemVer major to start, expectation is that TSC will typically remove after
        discussion if its behind an experimental flag.
      * won’t add experimental warning to Symbol.dispose
      * document the new process in <https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/54330>

* timers: add sleep alias[#54404]( https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/54404)
  * Paolo seems like its easy to mess up
  * Benjamin, main concern is that we already have 4-5 ways to schedule a timer
  * Paolo, we could remote the override,
  * Benjamin, might be better to remove scheduler.wait()
  * Michael, is it really worth it, lets document scheduler.wait() better
  * Paola, agree we can just publish scheduler.wait(), but would be good to add warning if you
    call setTimeout without await after importing the async version.
    * Paolo, could this be SemVer minor. After some discussion seems reasonable to propose,
  * Chengzhong, echo scheduler api. Active discussion on experimental api, some discussion in
    <https://github.com/WICG/scheduling-apis/issues/95>, about the naming please comment there
    if you think it should change.

### nodejs/admin

* Conversion to Enterprise account [#905](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/905)
  * Issue closed, nothing to discuss.

## Strategic Initiatives

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Project Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
