# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2024-02-28

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://youtube.com/live/GiZ1zIsVLcw>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1511>

## Present

* Antoine du Hamel @aduh95 (voting member)
* Yagiz Nizipli @anonrig (voting member)
* Benjamin Gruenbaum @benjamingr (voting member)
* Geoffrey Booth @GeoffreyBooth (voting member)
* Chengzhong Wu @legendecas (voting member)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (voting member)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (voting member)
* Moshe Atlow @MoLow (voting member)
* Rafael Gonzaga @RafaelGSS (voting member)
* Richard Lau @richardlau (voting member)
* Robert Nagy @ronag (voting member)
* Ruy Adorno @ruyadorno (voting member)
* Paolo Insogna @ShogunPanda (voting member)
* Tobias Nießen @tniessen (voting member)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* No announcements

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* CPC, travel requests for summit reviewed yesterday

### nodejs/node

* enable corepack by default [#50963](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/50963)
  * Ran out of time, will cover in next meeting

* Expose Undici's ProxyAgent and setGlobalDispatcher within Node [#43187](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/43187)
* have stayed away from proxy support so far
* we either have to use some of the existing environment variables or provide a way to be able
  to inject those.
* Geoffrey, does undici use the Node.js http stuff
  * Matteo, no and not really an option because any chances to the existing http client is tied to
    http1 and changing anything ends up breaking stuff
* Geoffrey, could have API to set proxy right?
* Matteo already has it, but it is just not exposed
  * The question is what and where, adding a third API may not make sense
* Paolo, other than coupling with Undici, any other risk of exposing API
  * Rafael, fixing proxy agent in undici, caused critical vuln
* Matteo, do we want to ship env variables? Does not fix problem Rafael mentioned, but even
  unexposed it would still reported as an issue
* Rafael, what if we just change Undici apis to accept proxyagent as an API, user could install
  Undici. Ask is a way to install a proxy without having to install another dependency.
* Matteo, should be part of the discussion at the collab summit, believe we should likely
  expose the environment variable or nothing.
* Paolo, we should support environment variables, its easier for people coming from other
  Technologies

### nodejs/TSC

* CPC representatives [#1504](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1504)
  * Matteo volunteered to take over that role from Rich
  * Michael: Joe volunteered to come to TSC meetings to give update. As CPC chair he is probably best positioned to give us complete updates. Any concerns with me inviting him to do that?
    * No objections, Michael will go ahead and do that.

### nodejs/admin

* Redesign of Node.js Website [#818](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/818)
  * Claudio took us through the different sections on the website and there was some discussion,
     feedback on that.
  * Matteo, suggestion that search should find latest LTS API docs instead of current, but not a
    Blocker
  * Rafael what is the migration plan? For example a/b test 10% or straight flip over?
    * Claudio not really an option to do a/b, straight flip over is only option
  * Overall no blocking comments other than changing 64 bit to something that indicates intel better
  * Geoffrey, when is timing
    * Claudio, likely to do in next week or so.

* Events / Collaborator Summits for 2024 [#814](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/814)
  * CPC, travel requests for summit reviewed yesterday

### nodejs/next-10

* Deep Dive: Advocacy and promotion for the project [#247](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/247)
  * on agenda as an FYI

## Strategic Initiatives

* Skipped not time this week

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Project Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
