# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2024-12-18

## Links

* **Recording**: <https://www.youtube.com/live/-2mtgczcDXc?si=9XYuw69mRiGBENoD>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1665>
* **Minutes Google Doc**: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1s-_k61tSQNz-RdMwx6TBmyLZNPnK5WQEmFbbhCezca4/edit?tab=t.0>

## Present

* Antoine du Hamel @aduh95 (voting member)
* Ruben Bridgewater @BridgeAR (voting member)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (voting member)
* Yagiz Nizipli @anonrig (voting member)
* Gireesh Punathil @gireeshpunathil (voting member)
* Joyee Cheung @joyeecheung (voting member)
* Marco Ippolito @marco-ippolito (voting member)
* Chengzhong Wu @legendecas (voting member)
* Michaël Zasso @targos (voting member)
* Rafael Gonzaga @RafaelGSS (voting member)
* Richard Lau @richardlau (voting member)
* Ruy Adorno @ruyadorno (voting member)
* Paolo Insogna @ShogunPanda (voting member)
* Brie/Brianna Bennett (invited)

## Agenda

### Announcements

### Reminders

* Remember to nominate people for the [contributor spotlight](https://github.com/nodejs/node/blob/main/doc/contributing/reconizing-contributors.md#bi-monthly-contributor-spotlight)

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/node

* doc: change smartos support type to experimental [#56220](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/56220)
  * Yagiz: there were issues for this platform, but now they are solved. I could not find any discussions on why SmartOS is a Tier 2 platform.
  * Marco: Do we have any download numbers?
  * Richard Lau: Node.js was historically built for SmartOS by Joyent. The production of binary is not helpful for the SmartOS because they download the binary from the “distro” registry and they build it themselves. We have no visibility on how many users of that there are. MNX is the spawn off Joyent/Samsung that maintains SmartOS. MNX people can help with Node.js. MNX supply also provides build resources they contribute to the project greatly. … Ideally the CI would be passing or failing for the Tier 1 and Tier 2 platform,
  * Yagiz: August gcc v12, in September using C++ 20 it was blocked because SmartOS was not update, which was fixed in December. Four months for updating a platform to a Tier 2 platform.
  * Brianna: MNX provide machines, but we do not have access, and there seem to be a preference to happy to be a member of the team. The machine would have been ready but the cache was not primed and the build time was really slow. It was resolved last Friday with the new image version and
  * Marco: The documentation on TIER 2 states: Test failures on tier 2 platforms will block releases. Infrastructure issues may delay the release of binaries for these platforms. If we don’t release binaries what’s the point?
  * Brianna: what are the differences between the tiers?
  * Richard: Tier 1 platform stops a release. Tier 2 failures do not block. There is a blurry line between Tier 2 and experimental. FreeBSD and SmartOS are in that line. Even if the tier guide says this, we are still running the CI on all the platforms, and a failure needs to be addressed. We want to run test on experimental platform, we might want to update the descriptions of the Tiers. The actual timeline problem was a communication issue between TSC and MNX (main responsibility is on us). The plan to move to the new machines on MNX from Equinix stopped for two months.
  * Brianna: defining this as a communication issue is correct. I didn’t know about gcc migration in September. I would have made a recommendation to migrate in september if I knew. SmartOS do not happen often and we need the make sure the issues are resolved in a day of two. I don’t care what the tier is, but my problem is that we SmartOS problems are resolved quickly and issues are not shrugged off.
  * Joyee: do we want to to keep SmartOS as Tier 2? Do we want to make something about the tiers? Should we keep them in the testing CI?
  * Matteo: If a test fail, we will very quickly unable to run on platforms.
  * Joyee: does the support for those platform falls on the people making the changes, or does the people maintaining SmartOS should look into it? Maybe we can run the tests only in the daily CI and ping people
  * Brianna: what if a commit break SmartOS, it’s better to participate in the PR whenever possible before a commit lands. Our workflow for reviews works better
  * Joyee: ideally the workflow is optimal, what happens is that someone  - no one will look at the problem. Nobody has the time to look into less common platforms. Given the volume of PRs involved. Having a platform where contributors do not have access to.
  * Brianna: isn’t this the optimal work flow?
  * Joyee: the problem is that we can’t really require volunteer reviewers to do anything about SmartOS failure, or do anything at all
  * Matteo: if we remove SmartOS from running on CI, we’ll very quickly stop supporting it.
  * Paolo: I agree with Matteo, and we need to reduce the amount of notification to SmartOS team. Also, what is the current procedure to notify other OS teams when a failure happens? When do we notify them?
  * Richard: I am part of a team in IBM/Red Hat, and I monitor issues for their platforms, e.g. AIX, and ping the appropriate people. I’m in the fortunate place to be able to do it as part of my job. We also have Jenkins plugins that can send emails to teams on build failures. If the platform teams are not responding, we should revisit, but this is not the case. We should not be using this example to take drastic action.
  * Yagiz: it’s very easy for C++ developers to break support for different platform. It’s very hard to get access to SmartOS for people that are contributing.
  * Brianna: what’s the support for FreeBSD?
  * Richard: We aren't running CI on FreeBSD on main right now because of a build break: <https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/54576>
  * Brianna: you can set up a build environment for SmartOS in a VM very easily. It runs in VMWare, it runs on Virtualbox, it runs on KVM on Linux, and other that emulates x86 on an ARM processor. It’s not accurate to say no one can get access to SmartOS in any way.
  * Matteo: Can we solve the communication breakdown?
  * Brianna: things can be improved but everything has been good for us. Problems have been fixed very quickly in under a day. The person that takes care of these is in the UK, and they resolve those in a day. We had a major communication breakdown with the gcc upgrade, but everything else have been fine. It’s not in a bad state. I would love to be able to help the situation to help all platforms. I would love to contribute to that where I can. I apologize for the transfer and gcc upgrade delays.
  * Joyee: I don’t think you have to apologize, it was not your fault.
  * Brianna: I shouldn’t have left to Ryan to fix the problem, if I did I could
  * Richard: Ryan is LF IT and not from the project, he is also trying to get up to speed. He is part of the transformation we are doing. There are communication breakdown between Build and LF IT as well.

## Strategic Initiatives

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Project Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
