# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2024-01-10

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m8dtXhOPDO0>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1489>

## Present

* Yagiz Nizipli @anonrig (voting member)
* Geoffrey Booth @GeoffreyBooth (voting member)
* Joyee Cheung @joyeecheung (voting member)
* Chengzhong Wu @legendecas (voting member)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (voting member)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (voting member)
* Moshe Atlow @MoLow (voting member)
* Richard Lau @richardlau (voting member)
* Robert Nagy @ronag (voting member)
* Ruy Adorno @ruyadorno (voting member)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Richard, Ulises did a release for Node.js 20

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* Travel fund is most relevant discussion. Board has asked that the rules for the fund be
  revamped. Things are progressing fast as we want to have them in place.
* Still waiting on news on the room for collaborator summit in London
  * Track for Node.js is still in play, conference has room for the track

### nodejs/node

* Revisiting `globalThis` as an `EventTarget` [#51372](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/51372)
  * No clear conclusion in the discussion yet. On agenda because the TSC will need to make a
    Decision at some point. Not yet at that point but will likely end up in a vote.  It is SemVer
    major PR so will need to make decision by Feb ish.

* Inconsistent behavior of nextTick and queueMicrotask [#51156](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/51156)
  * Robert - Have not had too much time to pursue, but have opened a few PRs which are
    progressing
  * Second one is to add as experimental, Matteo what did you see with breakage
    * Matteo, from what I saw breakage was extensive
    * Robert the only way forward is to add another new API, deprecate next tick to discourage
      future use.
  * Can remove from agenda at this point.

* enable corepack by default [#50963](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/50963)
  * Yagiz, have not seen to many changes needed for a while so seems stable, likely that we
    should make a decision on making it stable or if that is not going to enable by default then
    we should remove. If we don’t enable by default then we don’t have a path to removing npm.
  * Matteo, shipping a package manager by default is one of the key elements of what made
    Node.js successful. Don’t see a good technical reason to migrate them out. Advantage of
    shipping npm, is on stability of the build. One issue is loss of repeatable builds
  * Michael, main point is if goal of people in making stable is a step towards removing npm,
    then that is the discussion we should have versus making it stable and kicking that down
    the road.
  * Yagiz, recommend that we either remove npm or add other package managers.
  * Robert, whatever we do, removing npm is not an option, then leads do we discuss adding
    package manager managers
  * Yagiz why can we not remove npm
  * Geoffrey, would be large breaking change
  * Robert, not worth it for political issue
  * Yagiz, should we not reduce the bundle size
  * Richard, unlikely to get a consensus. We will likely need a vote.
  * Matteo, propose we remove npm from corepack, then enable corepack by default. If we
    Have a vote lets vote on removing npm, versus vote on corepack.
  * Geoffrey, if the goal is to offer bundle size, don’t we offer additional binaries.
  * Yagiz, if vote is removal of npm it should include alternative of adding more package
    managers
  * Robert, does it even makes sense to have corepack if we are not going to remove npm
  * Matteo, if you enable corepack, then typing pnpm it just works its great. But when using
    corepack you don’t get a clear picture of the match between Node.js and package manager
    installed.
  * Richard, the issue around not knowing what you get. Original version only installed a specific
    version. The project requested that it pull in latest.
  * Vote
    * We agree our goal is to remove npm from Node.js:   Yes/No
    * If we are not going to remove npm, should corepack be included in Node.js Yes/No
    * Should we enable corepack by default today: Yes/No
  * Geoffrey, we don’t necessarily need to rush into decision. Would be good to get how popular
    is corepack
  * Ruy, definitely going to be a large breaking change
  * Geoffrey, the person who wants to champion removal of npm should write up proposal and
    then we vote on that.
  * Ruy, has been mentioned that distributing npm as are of corepack might not be legally ok.
  * Michael, probably should not make corepack stable until we resolve issue around direction on npm.

* lib: promote process.binding/_tickCallback to runtime deprecation [#50687](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/50687)
  * Joyee has issue, please jump in there. <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1482>

* The env var `NODE_V8_COVERAGE` intermittently causes the process to hang [#49344](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/49344)
  * Richard, there is a PR that addresses this on main.
  * Issue should be fixed.

* lib: rewrite AsyncLocalStorage without async_hooks [#48528](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/48528)
  * Requires a patch to V8, the V8 teams reluctant to accept the patch
  * Joyee - ask was whether we could float the patch
  * Feedback in the PR seems to be that we should wait until V8 accepts in upstream
  * Chengzhong, V8 team has discussed removing the API it uses, so there would be more we’d
    have to float.
  * Michael, seems very risk to float a large patch especially if underlying APIs it needs are
    Removed
  * Geoffrey, what is the alternative?
  * Joyee, people are working on AsyncContext
  * Geoffrey, but when?
* Chengzhong, hoping to make progress in 2024
* Geoffrey, if it seems promising then waiting makes sense.

### nodejs/admin

* Events / Collaborator Summits for 2024 [#814](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/814)
  * No update yet.

## Strategic Initiatives

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Project Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
