# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2024-12-11

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NqtxLJ7_S0g>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1662>

## Present

* Ruben Bridgewater @BridgeAR (voting member)
* Gireesh Punathil @gireeshpunathil (voting member)
* Joyee Cheung @joyeecheung (voting member)
* Marco Ippolito @marco-ippolito (voting member)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (voting member)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (voting member)
* Rafael Gonzaga @RafaelGSS (voting member)
* Richard Lau @richardlau (voting member)
* Ruy Adorno @ruyadorno (voting member)
* Paolo Insogna @ShogunPanda (voting member)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* No news this week

### Reminders

* Remember to nominate people for the [contributor spotlight](https://github.com/nodejs/node/blob/main/doc/contributing/reconizing-contributors.md#bi-monthly-contributor-spotlight)

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* no updates updates this week.
* Matteo, watch Robin’s talk on budget from NodeConf.eu after it is published.

### nodejs/node

* fs: enable chunked reading for large files in readFileHandle [#56022](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/56022)
  * Ruben: do we want the possibility of readfile to read huge files into memory or just accept
    limit and change the error case. Cannot thinking of use case where it makes sense to load
    anything bigger than 2G
    * Michael: Is there some downside to allowing larger sizes? Ruben, on linux it would
      require multiple reads behind the scenes.
    * Matteo: people seem to be upset if you try to prevent people from
      shooting themselves in the foot. Thinks its the right call to keep the limit, but will
      not oppose if people want to allow it.
    * Michael: ok if we leave the limit in place. It is possible for people work work around it
    * Matteo: ok to allow it and crash with out of memory, would accept PR.
    * Joyee: don’t see a reason to throw and error, if they want to take the risk, document
      that there are better ways to do it. Would be fine for throw away scripts
    * Ruben: more worried about people who don’t read the docs, and error would be a way
      For them to learn about streams
    * Joyee: we could emit a warning
    * Ruben: would be ok with allowing and emitting a warning. We could even make the limit
      a bit lower, say 1G?
    * Ruben: should we say recommendation is to emit warning and allow
    * Gireesh, should we emit a warning for a low level function like this?
    * Ruben, can easily cause the process to crash and out of memory issues, this would be
      useful to help users understand why they are out of memory.
    * Joyee could also check how memory is available. Maybe only warn if there
      is not going to be enough memory.
    * Gireesh, should documentation not be enough?
    * Ruben, people don’t read the document often.
    * Matteo: having the warning at the previous limit is fine. We have other places where
      There are similar cases (ex more than 10 listeners)
    * Gireesh: but those are bad coding practice
    * Matteo: I see this case (loading a file bigger than 2G) is similar
    * Joyee: agree, if you want to be lazy ok so we don’t want to prevent, but warning is ok.
    * Ruben: Do we know a legitimate use case for loading a file of this size into memory?
    * Matteo: top of line mac now has 128g of RAM.
    * Michael: warning seems like a compromise between not allowing big files and allowing
      without doing anything.
    * We did not reach consensus on including a warning
    * We will leave on the agenda to discuss next week

* test: improve zlib tests [#55716](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/55716)
  * waiting for <https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/56027> to land as next step.

### nodejs/TSC

* Clarify the Charter so that contractors are explicity counted as affialiated [#1650](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/1650)
  * Matteo: ok either way did not plan to be that specific, but happy with suggestion from Ulises
  * Matteo, perhaps propose something different.
  * Ruben: it is a rule defined by the TSC for the TSC. We should not overcomplicate things, since we can change this at any point of time
  * Richard: missing why we have the sentence (about affiliation) in the first place. Lets provide
    more context as to the goal and leave the the rest less specific.
  * Matteo: agree doing change in that way would be better.
  * Michael: would prefer avoiding trying to list the specifics as I doubt we can get it right
  * Matteo: will do another pass

* Let's talk about the CI situation [#1614](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1614)
  * Richard, Yagiz wanted to talk about the smartOS situation - <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1663>
    * We are in the middle of transitioning some machines. Had a bunch sponsored by
      Joyent. They were moved to equinix Metal. Equinix then asked that we move our non-arm
      out of equinix. MNX volunteered to host these machines. Many have been moved over
      but smartOS ones are still in progress. Also tied with getting the Linux Foundation more
      Involved.
    * Matteo suggested we set a deadline. Area of the project that is not getting enough,
      not enough volunteers, so unless people step up.
    * Challenge, is that the changes require latest C++, so can’t just exclude tests.
    * Same PRs -> MacOS and SmartOS are ones that need newer compilers
    * Richard having deadlines likely helps focus.

* Open OpenCollective and Github Sponsors for Node.js [#1553](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1553)
  * No objections, going to land.

## Strategic Initiatives
* Skipped as we were out of time

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Project Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
