# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2024-04-24

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l0K4MYF5nZA>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1535>

## Present

* Antoine du Hamel @aduh95 (voting member)
* Yagiz Nizipli @anonrig (voting member)
* Benjamin Gruenbaum @benjamingr (voting member)
* Ruben Bridgewater @BridgeAR (voting member)
* Joyee Cheung @joyeecheung (voting member)
* Chengzhong Wu @legendecas (voting member)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (voting member)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (voting member)
* Moshe Atlow @MoLow (voting member)
* Rafael Gonzaga @RafaelGSS (voting member)
* Richard Lau @richardlau (voting member)
* Robert Nagy @ronag (voting member)
* Ruy Adorno @ruyadorno (voting member)
* Paolo Insogna @ShogunPanda (voting member)
* Michaël Zasso @targos (voting member)
* Rich Trott @Trott (regular member)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Next major (22) release is in progress today.

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* No updates this week

### nodejs/node

* lib,src: remove --experimental-policy [#52583](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/52583)
  * Was added as an FYI for awareness, proposal is to remove it.
  * Of the 13 TSC members in the meeting, there were no concerns. Richard mentioned that
    we should doc deprecate as soon as possible.
    * was doc deprecated in <https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/52602> based on the suggestion
  * Also going to be discussed in next security-wg as there had been some interest from the
    Microsoft in terms of the feature.

* tools: change inactive limit to 9 months [#52459](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/52459)
  * Yagiz - want to explain reasoning, originally was towards security. But realized that main
    motivation is not security but something else. In reality the bar to stay as an active
    collaborator is very low, committing one commit or reviewing one commit. So easy to
    extend. This gives the false view that Node.js has lots of maintainers, also gives false
    view of what kind of support people can expect. It is easy to come back from Emeritus.
    * Pushing now for 9 months to see where the TSC stands
    * As Michael mentioned, concern may be that life events may make the 9 months too short
  * Benjamin, if security is the issue, other approaches such as limiting who really needs commit
    bit versus removing collaborators
  * Benjamin, In terms of  the view of collaborators, reviews are most important to me, so making
    sure we can retain maximum reviews may push against removing people
  * Joyee, if we want to depend only on commit queue, we need people maintaining the commit
    queue it is not stable enough to depend on.
  * Matteo: Is the ability to run jenkins is it tied to the commit bit or the ability to write to the repo
    * Richard, today there is a group which determines both write access and ability to launch CI
      runs
      * For request CI, it would be based on the same team
  * Benjamin, getting reviews is already hard, keeping people as collaborators I think will help
    getting reviews
  * Joyee, can still ping subsystem teams
  * Benjamin, there are some areas where we are thin on people, chance of getting a review is a
    lot better while they are still part of the project.
  * Yagiz, to summarize we have 100 collaborators, if become inactive move to emeritus. Home
    page advertises that it’s not. Don’t think 12 months is right, also don’t think 9 months is right.
    Is it fair to other collaborators to make it appear that people are contributing when they are
    not?
  * Benjamin, what if we keep the duration, but increase the requirement the amount of work
  * Ruy, reminds people about conversations in the past. There are people who contribute in
    many areas but never get to be core collaborators
  * Matteo, going to propose an experiment. We list the number of people that have passed the
    9 month barrier (as well as 6 month, etc in terms of what people want to propose) and at the
    mark of 12 we see how many of them have returned, then we will have actionable data to
    work on.
  * Benjamin, what if we ask people after 6 months, and automatically remove after 12
  * Yagiz, have been a TSC member for a year, and a collaborator a year before that. Don’t remember
    a person to come back. 2 or 3 weeks bargained and compromised on 12. Called for vote as
    I believe the worst decision is better than no decision. Need more strong and opinionated
    Pushback in the TSC so believe we should vote.
  * Antoine, if you call for vote with any data to back up claim, then believe likely lose vote, just
    FYI.
  * Matteo, don’t believe that changing this improves security posture, that is not a reason

* deps,lib,src: add experimental web storage [#52435](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/52435)
  * On the board meeting agenda to ask about getting approval for License.
  * Meeting is this Friday

### nodejs/TSC

* Update meeting times? [#1528](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1528)
  * Michael will propose times based on updated data

* Node.js Collaborator Spotlight Proposal [#1474](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1474)
  * FYI, now documented and open for nominations

### nodejs/admin

* Events / Collaborator Summits for 2024 [#814](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/814)
  * Next step is to run survey to see who can make it.

## Strategic Initiatives
* skipped as we ran out of time

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Project Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
