# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2024-07-10

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5IVNHCsiBaI>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1592>

## Present

* Benjamin Gruenbaum @benjamingr (voting member)
* Geoffrey Booth @GeoffreyBooth (voting member)
* James Snell @jasnell (voting member)
* Joyee Cheung @joyeecheung (voting member)
* Chengzhong Wu @legendecas (voting member)
* Marco Ippolito @marco-ippolito (voting member)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (voting member)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (voting member)
* Rafael Gonzaga @RafaelGSS (voting member)
* Richard Lau @richardlau (voting member)
* Robert Nagy @ronag (voting member)
* Tobias Nießen @tniessen (voting member)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Rafael - had security releases on Monday, please update

### Reminders

* Remember to nominate people for the [contributor spotlight](https://github.com/nodejs/node/blob/main/doc/contributing/reconizing-contributors.md#bi-monthly-contributor-spotlight)

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

* No new updates this week

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/node

* `npm` is installed wrongly on windows machine [#53538](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/53538)
  * James, talked to Yagiz a bit about this, main reason was to raise visibility.  People are
    hitting it, problem is that we don’t have anybody who has volunteered to fix.
  * Benjamin, Node.js project cannot fix this, needs a fix on the npm side.
  * Michael, assume there are already issues in the npm repository?
  * Tobias, yes. The issue occurs more frequently since a security release. There is a work around available.
  * Michael this is only with the windows installer?
  * Richard, on windows the directory goes somewhere other than where Node.js is installed
  * Michael, does it make sense to add to documentation?
  * Richard, doubt it will help much
  * Tobias, could add option to create the directory to installer, users would have to triple check to avoid security issue. Don't recommend that.
  * npm could also just add some doc/notification when users run into the issue
  * James, hearing likely needs some work on the npm side. Best we could do is to add some
    documentation somewhere.
  * Michael, add doc on website where people get the windows downloads?
  * Michael, email from TSC, James unlikely to make a difference
  * volunteers to add doc, or engage with npm would be greatly appreciated, but otherwise we
    will take it off the agenda as discussed.

### nodejs/TSC

* New Strategic Initiative on Primordials [#1439](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1439)
  * Geoffrey, there are a number of PR to remove primordials, maybe that’s fine.
  * James, going directly to PRs does not mean it has not been discussed
  * Geoffrey, if the PRs continue to land we may not need the initiative
  * Benjamin, probably good to wait until we get an update from Antoine and Ruben.
  * Agreed to leave on agenda until next

### nodejs/next-10

* Next 10 - Funding Deep Dive [#273](https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/273)
  * Michael removed from agenda. Seems hard to find people interested in discussing, taking
    The agenda until if/when we figure out next step.

## Strategic Initiatives

* QUIC - progress is being made very slowly. Bumping up against test coverage. Not all ready to
  Test. Rough goal is to have ready to ship by end of the year, only have a few days a month
* Startup snapshot: fixed the V8 bug that regressed the reproducibility of snapshots (when there’s an empty array buffer) and backported it <https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/53755>
* Next-10: going through survey results, going to start working on blog post, will ping TSC to get
  some input/sanity check
* Primordials: no update.

* <https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/53619> Geoffrey
* want to get input on how to flag and what release lines to land on:
  * Richard: with LTS release hat on, if there is any risk to LTS releases, would prefer that
    there be a flag to restore old behavior.
  * Benjamin: tried hard to find a case where it is breaking and could not find one. Suggest
    we land on 23.
  * Geoffrey, could add flag to reverse and land in main.  Flag already exists, will update to
    avoid removing that. Then leave in main until it goes out in 23.
  * Matteo, believe we should land in 22
  * Marco, since 22 will go LTS in oct, we should be cautious and wait until 23
  * Matteo, if we do that backporting to 22 after landing in 23 may be too breaking, and it will be
    hard to backport. So either we land now in 22, or will likely not make it in.
  * Michael to summarize, we don’t believe it is breaking but high risk so backporting to LTS will
    be a challenge. Better to do now.
  * Geoffrey, could be breaking to those who use error that will no longer occur.
  * Marco, if syntax is ambiguous it will fall back to cjs, which could break some people

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Project Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
