# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2024-01-17

## Links

* **Recording**: <https://youtube.com/live/00oahsrkFTU>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1492>

## Present

* Antoine du Hamel @aduh95 (voting member)
* Yagiz Nizipli @anonrig (voting member)
* Benjamin Gruenbaum @benjamingr (voting member)
* Ruben Bridgewater @BridgeAR (voting member)
* Geoffrey Booth @GeoffreyBooth (voting member)
* Gireesh Punathil @gireeshpunathil (voting member)
* Chengzhong Wu @legendecas (voting member)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (voting member)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (voting member)
* Richard Lau @richardlau (voting member)
* Ruy Adorno @ruyadorno (voting member)
* Michaël Zasso @targos (voting member)
* Claudio Wunder (Guest)
* Steven @styfle (Guest)
* Darcy Clarke @darcyclarke (Guest)
* Maël Nison @arcanis (Guest)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* No announcements this week

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* From Claudio
  * We're closing in on finishing the Travel Fund Rework
  * Same for the CoC rework
  * We're applying the Foundation (OpenJS) to Google Season of Docs -- to have Node.js as a participating project.

### nodejs/node

* enable corepack by default [#50963](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/50963)
  * Antoine - issue opened last month, asking if we can enable by default. Quite a few
    discussions that have come from that, one being the integration of npm.
  * Darcy - <https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/35398#issuecomment-700314358> included a
    number of questions that would be answered before we would unflag. Would consider that a
    blocker to unflagging.
  * Mael - as package manager for yarn, has definitely solved the problem they had before in
    terms of using the package manager that they.
  * Michael, one option not discussed too much, mark stable but still require corepack enable,
    * Mael might be ok, but what is the point of forcing the extra command
    * Michael to try to make sure they know they are enable auto install of software for them
  * Darcy - link that shows registry traffic
    * Sharing some data sourced from the public npm team statements: <https://github-production-user-asset-6210df.s3.amazonaws.com/459713/297423226-1d18f2dc-1deb-457b-8a14-5f512921f8cc.png>
    * there was almost a 50/50 split at one point, which shows that blockers of consumption might
      not have been there original
  * Steven - data shows us that people are using different package managers, the problem was
    not that. The problem that corepack is solving is helping a new user get up and running
    Faster.
* Steven to answer the question about corepack by default. Seems like it should be easy.
  Because it’s not enable by default Vercel does not have it enabled by default
  * the official [@action/setup-node](https://github.com/actions/setup-node) where it will not be enabled because it is not enabled by default. There have been [multiple PRs](https://github.com/actions/setup-node/pulls?q=is%3Apr+corepack) to add support for corepack but still waiting on stable.
  * value is that people who don’t even know they are using it, will use it when contributing to a new project.
  * avoids the issue with multiple ways to install causing broken `PATH` - see  [example](https://twitter.com/galstar/status/1745172635674169663)
* Claudio may be bad example but in terms of how many people use IE simply because its the
  Default. More inclined if adopted by default.  Data might be different if others were enabled by
  Default.
* Darcy, only going to be aware of package managers that is aware of. Don’t think
  its going to help with creating opportunities for package managers, more see
  it as locking in the existing ones.  The 50/50 at one point supports this
* Yagiz, disagree with the lock-in, not enabling the same level of competitive advantage is a
  main concern for me. If all of them were shipped at the same time, then numbers might be
  Different.  Alternative to enabling corepack would be to install all of them.
* Mael, disagree that it would be locking in the package manager list. Any other package
  manager could advocate to being added to the list.  Not being shipped as part of Node.js has
  caused lots of issues over time.
* Geoffrey, concern is that we ship both npm and corepack, npm taking firm stand on not
  including npm, if its enabled by default, then people will ask why it’s not included.  Could we
  add to npm, check of package manager, and spit out error saying using the wrong one.
* Matteo, want to state the obvious, npm is the default, and it’s the golden standard, it is
  maintained by the people who maintain the registry so corepack is not going to change that.
* Antoine, another advantage, because npm client is default we get problem reports
* Darcy, to add on to Matteo’s comment about npm being the “official” registry client, it has a
  paid team to maintain. npm does self regulate, respected engines, it will warn or error if the
  package manager does not match. Data shows it has not prevented other managers from
  entering a competing products.
* Ruy, concerned it’s too much scope to pull into the runtime, Ruy, maybe adding other
  package managers to other containers might be a better way than building into the runtime
  Itself. Anecdotal correlation: Yarn v1 is currently shipped with our Docker image and it’s
  also the leading package manager showing up in data shared by the npm registry team.
* Steven, the whole anti-competitive nature, but key problem it solves it choosing the right
  version of the package manager which the other tools don’t fix. Seems like this has been
  overlooked
* lib: promote process.binding/_tickCallback to runtime deprecation [#50687](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/50687)
  * skipped not enough time this week
* lib: rewrite AsyncLocalStorage without async_hooks [#48528](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/48528)
  * skipped not enough time this week

### nodejs/admin

* Redesign of Node.js Website [#818](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/818)
  * Claudio Wanted to give a quick overview and have space for some discussion on key
    questions/concerns
  * Claudio, showed what the flagged (not visible) version of the home page shows
  * Michael, does it work across all platforms, Claudio, yes.
  * Michael, would it make sense to add another line after the “Downloads …” which says
    something like Downloads for other platforms are available here”
  * Geoffrey, we need to change/agree on description of Node.js before landing
  * Claudio, learn section, moving a bunch of the guides over to new section.  Plan is to release
    website mid this year,
  * Claudio, Took us through many of the pages, likely separate meeting on the downloads page.
  * working on adding search bar
* Events / Collaborator Summits for 2024 [#814](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/814)

## Strategic Initiatives
* skipped this week

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Project Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
