# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2025-07-30

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=341X4m41vmw>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1772>
* **Minutes Google Doc**: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1FFL6v877DiTAtce_tLdWOXcTOQHOTKxI4aRvagNQ5Sc/edit?tab=t.0>

## Present

* Antoine du Hamel @aduh95 (voting member)
* Ruben Bridgewater @BridgeAR (voting member)
* Joyee Cheung @joyeecheung (voting member)
* Chengzhong Wu @legendecas (voting member)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (voting member)
* Darshan Sen @RaisinTen (voting member)
* Robert Nagy @ronag (voting member)
* Filip Skokan @panva (voting member)
* Jacob Smith @JakobJingleheimer (Guest – Node.js Collaborator)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* JS Conf discount code available + rooms are running
* Node 22.18.0 and 24.8.0 releases are being delayed due to macOS infra issues - highly anticipated due to strip types enabled by default

### Reminders

* Remember to nominate people for the [contributor spotlight](https://github.com/nodejs/node/blob/main/doc/contributing/reconizing-contributors.md#bi-monthly-contributor-spotlight)

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

* Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.
* New Collab space for AI-Assited development, see <https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1509> and <https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1520>.

### nodejs/node

* meta: clarify pr objection process further [#59096](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/59096)
  * Matteo: following James advice, this would be going for a vote next week in case the objection is not resolved.

### nodejs/Release

* Proposal - Shift Node.js to Annual Major Releases and Shorten LTS Duration \[#1113]\(<https://github.com/nodejs/Release/issues/1113>
  * Matteo: setting the release timeline is one of the key responsibilities of the TSC. Thanks to Antoine for the graphs in the issues.
  * Antoine: currently this is being discussed by the Release wg. We should be able to provide what “stability” means. There are currently a lot of conflicting goals, and we can’t decide without knowing the tradeoffs.
  * Matteo: I’ll postpone this for the next meeting.

### nodejs/TSC

* Interim TSC Election [#1763](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1763)
  * Matteo: vote can be closed now.

* Update charter with communication responsibilities #1754
  * Matteo: there are couple of blocks and an alternative
  * Darshan: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/1754/files#diff-6d77b323e1a49fc40b72f37c00a29ba151062e76df186939fba53a0040ad286fR93>
  * Matteo: marketing by consensus-seeking does not work
  * Joyee: the proposed text was about post-mortem actions on inconsistencies. Not about TSC doing work before things go out. It’s the responsibility of people doing the communications to ensure consistency with consensus on GitHub.
  * Matteo: The Foundation staff is responsible for trademark violations, I’m going to propose some text change regarding the consensus-seeking.

* Let's talk about the CI situation [#1614](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1614)
  * Joyee: CI seems getting worse
    -...
  * Jakob: the reason people do not contribute to the CI is that it seems it to be a drop in the ocean, we need to show progress and move faster than it falls back
  * Joyee: there was a website, and the current stat is 0% green
  * Jakob: if there is the data, we can ask the website team to produce this
  * Robert: we should tag all flaky tests are flaky, then we should make an initiative to tag them as non-flaky
  * Joyee: marking the tests are flaky only works if the test are single purpose

### nodejs/admin

* Update the moderation policy to OpenJS escalation path, have TSC handle TSC reports [#990](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/pull/990)
  * Matteo: please review

* Create a directory for funding individual contributors [#981](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/pull/981)
  * Matteo: let’s wait for James Snell.

## Strategic Initiatives

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Project Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
