# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2025-03-19

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qzvPcahrJ6c>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1703>

## Present

* Yagiz Nizipli @anonrig (voting member)
* Joyee Cheung @joyeecheung (voting member)
* Chengzhong Wu @legendecas (voting member)
* Marco Ippolito @marco-ippolito (voting member)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (voting member)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (voting member)
* Darshan Sen @RaisinTen (voting member)
* Richard Lau @richardlau (voting member)
* Robert Nagy @ronag (voting member)
* Paolo Insogna @ShogunPanda (voting member)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Deadline for submission of sessions for collaborator summit is next monday

### Reminders

* Remember to nominate people for the [contributor spotlight](https://github.com/nodejs/node/blob/main/doc/contributing/reconizing-contributors.md#bi-monthly-contributor-spotlight)

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* No updates this week

### nodejs/node

* meta: edit collaborator nomination process [#57483](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/57483)
  * on agenda as an FYI
  * Robert is Jameâ€™s PR competing or complimentary
    * Paolo, Yagiz they should be complimentary

* doc: doc that proj has access to linked in [#57401](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/57401)
  * Marco as a releaser it makes sense
  * Michael, I agree as well
  * Paolo if releasers need it.
  * Lets leave on the agenda to make sure we get more opinions/input on next step.

* process: add execve [#56496](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/56496)
  * Michael, use of standard name. Paolo, already addressed
  * Joyee, looks like there was a response on another PR
  * Paolo, but no response on the PR itself.
  * Poalo, any objections to dismissing the objection
    * none from the TSC members in the meeting
  * Robert, lets just remove the block.

* Deadlock at process shutdown [#54918](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/54918)
  * Joyee, believe that jakecastelli is looking at it.
  * Lets leave on the agenda until next week.

### nodejs/nodejs.org

* feat: supporter page and updated home page [#7552](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.org/pull/7552)
  * On agenda as FYI

### nodejs/TSC

* Let's talk about the CI situation [#1614](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1614)
  * covered under discussion of process shutdown issue and funding approaches

* We are having a real challenge with V8 upgrade, it might delay the next major release.
  * Chengzhong - there are some fixes in V8 upstream that might help, remaining failures are
    smartos (some response from teams), windows (active work to try to move Windows to clang
    from VS studio),  32 bit arm, and some failures on shared library builds.
    * Richard, dynamic SSL builds believe its because we are running out of memory in
      containers, trying to figure out if it was point in time load or we need more resources.

### nodejs/admin

* doc: first cut at sponsor agreements, and sponsor page documentation [#955](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/pull/955)
  * Waiting on board for feedback in terms of what we can/cannot do.

## Strategic Initiatives
Skipped as we ran out of time

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Project Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
