# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2025-07-02

## Links

* **Recording**:
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1759>

## Present

* Matteo Collina @mcollina (voting member)
* Richard Lau @richardlau (voting member)
* Antoine du Hamel @aduh95 (voting member)
* Gireesh Punathil @gireeshpunathil (voting member)
* James Snell @jasnell (voting member)
* Joyee Cheung @joyeecheung (voting member)
* Chengzhong Wu @legendecas (voting member)
* Marco Ippolito @marco-ippolito (voting member)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (voting member)
* Filip Skokan @panva (voting member)
* Rafael Gonzaga @RafaelGSS (voting member)
* Darshan Sen @RaisinTen (voting member)
* Ruy Adorno @ruyadorno (voting member)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Matteo - reminder tickets available for JSConf North America
* Michael - reminder survey about who can make it to the collaborator summit please fill out.

### Reminders

* Remember to nominate people for the [contributor spotlight](https://github.com/nodejs/node/blob/main/doc/contributing/reconizing-contributors.md#bi-monthly-contributor-spotlight)

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* Matteo - board meeting was last ke
  * nothing important to share
  * main thing that is being worked is the budget for next year

### nodejs/node

* doc: improve transparency and inclusivity of TSC meetings [#58837](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/58837)
  * discussion continuing in GitHub, skip for this week
  * alternative PR: <https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/58925>

* Remove `Symbol.dispose` integration in `setTimeout` and `setInterval` [#58689](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/58689)
  * needs a deprecation cycle before we remove them
  * made comment and removed from agenda

* Update npm to v11 in Node.js v22 [#58423](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/58423)
  * Not heading towards consensus so if somebody wants to move as a vote or we should
    drop from the agenda.
  * Matteo, Rafael made some objections in the last meeting suggestion was to wait on 24
    and then land on 22 if needed as part of a security release.
  * Antoine, there is a new v10 PR to update npm
  * Rafael, to clarify not strongly opposed to landing on 22. If people believe that is the best
    approach will not block.
  * Richard, discussion was about timing. General reluctance but feeling that it was better
    to land it.  One side is the potential security side, the other side is the breaking changes. If
    the concern is the security side then possibly better to do as part of a later security update. If
    more on the bug fixing side then earlier could be better.
  * Gireesh, current issues are not major, wider issue seems to be npms release policies to not
    align with Node.js LTS policies. Question is how we address that.
  *

### nodejs/nodejs.org

* Dedicated Partners/Sponsors Page + Updates on the Home Page [#7909](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.org/issues/7909)
  * commented on issue, and removed the tsc-agenda issue

* Dedicated EOL page [#7906](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.org/issues/7906)
  * Covered under discussion of 7883

* Revert ESP related changes [#7884](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.org/pull/7884)
  * Covered under discussion of 7883

* Move the homepage security link to the banner [#7899](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.org/issues/7899)
  * Covered under discussion of 7883

* chore(homepage): link to our blog, rather than HeroDevs [#7883](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.org/pull/7883)
  * this is what was agreed in previous meeting
    1. Leave the existing button that links directly to the HeroDev's site for 1 week so that we can gather data with respect to how well it is works
    1. On Monday merge this pull request(chore(homepage): link to our blog, rather than HeroDevs #7883) which changes the button so that it points to the Node.js 18x EOL blog post that Matteo had published earlier. This includes links to HeroDev's site
    1. Work on implementing a page that follows the Vue approproach incorporating feedback from the HeroDevs and Foundation teams. When ready update the button on the website to point to that page
    1. Draft and publish some content on the Node.js social channels to explain the ESP program and the motivation for including the button.

* Add blog post publishing guidelines [#7860](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.org/pull/7860)
  * Matteo: have received feedback, removed agenda tag

### nodejs/TSC

* Clarify TSC responsibilities/limitations in the TSC Charter [#1756](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/1756)
  * This is an alternative to #1754
  * let’s continue discussion in GitHub, skip for this week

* Update charter with communication responsibilities [#1754](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/1754)
  * let’s continue discussion in GitHub, skip for this week
  * Darshan, PR has had some updates so please take a look again
  * Matteo, a good chunk of what was mentioned, would require a charter change through the
    CPC charter in terms of what can be delegated. That would need to board to review/agree
    * may take a few months

* Let's talk about the CI situation [#1614](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1614)
  * Gireesh: there was an action to identify a champion who can move it forward. No response
  * Michael: that has been the challenge, we have not had a champion/person to move it
    forward.

### nodejs/bluesky

* Starting a poll for feedback from Bluesky followers about content curation of the official Bluesky account [#128](https://github.com/nodejs/bluesky/issues/128)
  * Some results show that most of the content is viewed favorably or don’t mind seeing it.
    See less of
    * <https://github.com/nodejs/bluesky/discussions/140>
    * <https://github.com/nodejs/bluesky/discussions/138>
    * <https://github.com/nodejs/bluesky/discussions/136>
    * <https://github.com/nodejs/bluesky/pull/132>
    * James since most only have about 20 response hard to base decisions based on the
      Responses
    * Joyee, still some kind of useful datapoint.
    * James, even with 9000 followers, its a very small number
      * maybe ask Foundation to do a survey with a broader scope
    * Marco, the Next-10 team could do a survey, could move to the Next-10 team
    * Joyee, bluesky survey was meant to be an experiment. For larger scale of trying to set
      guidelines, would be good to have larger scale survey. Maybe broader than just social
      media, but include blogs etc.
    * Next step - Marco will have Next-10 team work on survey.

## Strategic Initiatives

* Antoine, core promises no update
  * James should it still be a strategic initiative?
  * Antoine, it’s been a while and we still don’t have comprehensive coverage
  * James propose we remove as an initiative
  * Antoine will open a PR
* James: waiting on openSSL 3.5, know that Richard is working on getting 3.5 in. May be able to
  use dynamic linking version. Richard, unrelated things have been a distraction but hoping to
  get back to it soon. James will likely wait until the regular builds have incorporated it.
* Michael: Next-10 - Survey complete >4000 reponses team is going through the results
* Darshan: Single executable apps - no updates this time.

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Project Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
