# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2025-01-08

## Links

* **Recording**:
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1670>

## Present

* Antoine du Hamel @aduh95 (voting member)
* Yagiz Nizipli @anonrig (voting member)
* Ruben Bridgewater @BridgeAR (voting member)
* Gireesh Punathil @gireeshpunathil (voting member)
* James Snell @jasnell (voting member)
* Joyee Cheung @joyeecheung (voting member)
* Marco Ippolito @marco-ippolito (voting member)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (voting member)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (voting member)
* Rafael Gonzaga @RafaelGSS (voting member)
* Richard Lau @richardlau (voting member)
* Robert Nagy @ronag (voting member)
a *Ruy Adorno @ruyadorno (voting member)
* Paolo Insogna @ShogunPanda (voting member)
* Brie (gueest for smartos discussion)
* Jean, Burellier @sheplu (Guest for Summit discussion)
* Bryan English (Guest for summit discussion)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* No announcements this week.

### Reminders

* Remember to nominate people for the [contributor spotlight](https://github.com/nodejs/node/blob/main/doc/contributing/reconizing-contributors.md#bi-monthly-contributor-spotlight)

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* Matteo, github security fund is important part, we have issue to discuss.

### openjs-foundation/summit

* Node.js Collaborator Summit 2025 / Paris [#433](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/summit/issues/433)
  * Joyee
    * better result from the summit query for Paris, 21 people so far, 30 total responses.
    * will need to request about 20k from the travel fund
    * looks promising, we should do it
    * April 1, 2 is better than other dates
  * Matteo
    * fundamental question is looking at travel fund, 20k is high, if we plan to have second
      one with JSConf.us, there might not be enough funds. Not convinced we’ll get as
      much funding for it. It’s ⅓ of the collaborator summit budget for all of the project
    * Joyee, do we know how much budget we have for the first quarter.
    * Matteo, was fully booked, but not fully used.
    * General agreement that we should go ahead. Matteo just wanted to flag that there are quite
      a few people identifying that they need travel funding.
    * Matteo will take action to let Ben/Robin know there may be an influx of requests. There may
      need to be some feedback from the project on which to approve/prioritize
    * Date would be April 1 and 2
    * Joyee, next question is which venue.
      * Jean, working on Sandolfi on booking auditorium
      * Bryan, we will have more people if it is a the Datadog location
    * Joyee, impression is that Bryan has gotten further along, and may be better for the summit
      versus the Sandolfi location.
      * Bryan has booked largest meeting room in Datadog Paris office which is ~40 people,
        typically in classroom style.
        * Matteo, can it have tables, Bryan yes, by default they are chairs with desks attached.
          Actual tables is probably possible as well.
        * Michael has been good to another break out room from parallel sessions
        * Bryan, security will be relatively tight. Bathrooms just outside, but otherwise an escort
          Would be needed. There are also a few terraces off the room that might work for smaller
          conversations.
    * Joyee, so agreement is to use DataDog location.
    * Many thanks to both DataDog and Sandolfi for volunteering locations
    * Jean, want to have a meetup after the summit? Joyee that sounds like a good idea
      * 20 minute ride on the subway away
  z

### nodejs/node

* doc: change smartos support type to experimental [#56220](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/56220)

* src: implement whatwg's URLPattern spec [#56452](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/56452)
  * Yagiz, WhatWG spec is implemented by a number of runtimes and browsers,
    currently blocked by Matteo for perf issues
  * Matteo, not really usable for backend runtimes.
    * many people believe its a bad pattern
    * The fundamental question is if we should really add this? The
      other parts of the spec were added due to massive usage in the ecosystem, not
      sure that really applies in this case.
    * There is also a proposal from Deno to add a better option, that allows more flexibility
      in handling patterns and making it run much faster.
  * Robert, adding it does not necessarily mean we are promoting it
    * Half if not more of the web apis are not necessarily good for back end and are slow
      so not necessarily a blocker in this case to be consistent with how we decided on
      Adding other Web APIs.
  * Yagiz, have not yet optimized, and have not looked at adding URLPatternList.
  * James, want to add support to the idea that it’s not great for back end, and is slow, but
    those are not reasons to not include in Node.js.  We’ve added other APIs which are in the
    same category

* fs: enable chunked reading for large files in readFileHandle [#56022](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/56022)

* test: improve zlib tests [#55716](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/55716)

### nodejs/TSC

*Submit application for GitHub Secure Open Source Fund [#1671](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1671)

* Matteo, $ go into GitHub sponsor,
* Agreed that we submit, summary is in
  <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1671#issuecomment-2578440199>
* Ruben, maybe we should open to other collaborators
* Open issue, ping collaborators with 1 day deadline.

* Status of smartOS support and what future holds [#1663](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1663)
  * skipped as we ran out of time

* Clarify the Charter so that contractors are explicity counted as affialiated [#1650](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/1650)
  * skipped as we ran out of time

* Let's talk about the CI situation [#1614](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1614)
  * skipped as we ran out of time

* Open OpenCollective and Github Sponsors for Node.js [#1553](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1553)
  * Michael, meeting Ben, to figure out logistics

## Strategic Initiatives
* skipped as we ran out of time

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Project Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
