# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2025-06-25

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WKRX2NfDGTQ>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1752>

## Present

* Antoine du Hamel @aduh95 (voting member)
* Yagiz Nizipli @anonrig (voting member)
* Joyee Cheung @joyeecheung (voting member)
* Chengzhong Wu @legendecas (voting member)
* Marco Ippolito @marco-ippolito (voting member)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (voting member)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (voting member)
* Filip Skokan @panva (voting member)
* Rafael Gonzaga @RafaelGSS (voting member)
* Darshan Sen @RaisinTen (voting member)
* Richard Lau @richardlau (voting member)
* Ruy Adorno @ruyadorno (voting member)

* Claudio Wunder (Guest, website team)
* Robin Gin (Executive Director)
* Tobie Langel (CPC member)
* Joe Sepi (Node.js CPC representative)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Robin - JSConf tickets for sale, discount for core maintainers,
  notifications for speakers went out on monday.

### Reminders

* Remember to nominate people for the [contributor spotlight](https://github.com/nodejs/node/blob/main/doc/contributing/reconizing-contributors.md#bi-monthly-contributor-spotlight)

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* Joe,
  * CPC - team that works on contributor covenant is working 3.0 and CPC is planning to
    adopt based on that update.
  * the board meeting is next week.

### nodejs/node

* Discussion about the esp program
  * Robin went through a number of slides
  * Joyee
    * asked if we can make the results from the changes made more transparent and visible.
    * was button directly to HeroDevs, was that just a guess that it would provide better results?
      ie was it in the contract, or just a guess.
      * Robin, yes I have linking from the project is in the contract
      * Joyee, more specifically is “button on home page” in the contract
        * Robin we want to do it in the spirit of the program, HeroDevs also announced 20M
          investment in the community.
        * Claudio there was some discussion when the button was being discussed. We had
          Looked at a few of the others.  One other project had direct link, one did not, from
          the discussions we chose to try the direct link first, with the knowledge that we’d
          adjust/try other options first. Would have been good to share more on social in
          Advance.
        * Tobie, this program is important in terms of ability to get funds outside of direct
          memberships in the foundation. It depends on how successfully the TSC wants the
          program to be and what the TSC is comfortable with.
        * Chengzhong, question about the implementation about how we implement the website
          linking. Program says it should be open to other vendors not exclusive, but current
          implementation seems to imply it is exclusive because it links to specific implementation
        * Tobie, right now there is only one partner, so theoretical. Chengzong that still can
          have/communicate a different impression.
        * Michael, don’t see anybody arguing against the program, better to focus on getting
          consensus on what a good way to achieve goal is
        * Robin from what is doc’d in the GitHub repo
          * Page
            * Referral links to partners must be placed within the top ⅓ of the page
            * The Version Support Page must link to partner pages for the
              versions our partners support
            * When documenting which versions are no longer receiving patches, consider adding a
              link with copy: “read more about extended support options” that directs to an EOL
              page.
            * Project-specific referral links will be provided as part of the onboarding process.
          * <https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/blob/main/project-resources/ESP/ECOSYSTEM_SUSTAINABILITY_PROGRAM.md>
  * Tobie, maybe we can have more collaboration with the people from HeroDevs
  * Claudio what we already have on the website, summarized that there are already a bunch
     of links in other places of the WebSite
           *Matteo proposal - suggest we wait for a full week before changing to point to the blog
            so that we have a full week of data. Then compare to a full week of between blog and
            direct link
           * Claudio, link is no longer being seen
             *Robin somebody PR’d in link into add blocker about ⅓ of people use that blocker so
              other ⅔ are using it.
           * Flip, unfortunately there has been a lot of social, so we should take a week of data with
             a grain of salt, the reception was bad, so we will have lower results that might have
             otherwise been.
           *Joyee, if we are thinking about link clicks, we might see a jump because of curiosity but
             we won’t know how it affects the conversion rate. First week of data you are going to
             see a jump, but then it might go down over 1 year span because of addblocker
           * Matteo, ask people to read the guidelines for leadership participation so that we avoid
             discussion that hurts the project in public
             * Not sure if the type of people who are the target of that link use add blockers, not
               seen many companies that have add blockers on their corporate systems
             * Having one week of data is not bad, even with add blocker
           * Tobie, strong recommendation, empower the people working on the website to
             empower them if you deem you need the $, also enable collaboration between
             HeroDevs and website team.
           * Darshan, would be good to publish explanation on Node.js socials
           * Joyee (Sunday)
             * merge pull request after 1 week of data
             * then work on implementing page that follows the Vue approach with feedback the HeroDevs and the Foundation.
             * draft some content to explain the program/button

* meta: add ability to block issues [#58796](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/58796)
  * skipped as we ran out of time
* Remove `Symbol.dispose` integration in `setTimeout` and `setInterval` [#58689](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/58689)
  * skipped as we ran out of time
* Update npm to v11 in Node.js v22 [#58423](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/58423)
  * skipped as we ran out of time

### nodejs/nodejs.org

* Revert ESP related changes [#7884](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.org/pull/7884)
  * covered in initial discussion see recommendation above
* chore(homepage): link to our blog, rather than HeroDevs [#7883](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.org/pull/7883)
  * covered in initial discussion see recommendation above

* Add blog post publishing guidelines [#7860](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.org/pull/7860)
  * skipped as we ran out of time

* HeroDevs ESP Visibility Improvements [#7773](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.org/issues/7773)
  * skipped as we ran out of time

### nodejs/TSC

* Let's talk about the CI situation [#1614](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1614)
  * skipped as we ran out of time

### nodejs/admin

* Proposal: Social Communication Plan [#977](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/977)
  * skipped as we ran out of time

### nodejs/bluesky

* Starting a poll for feedback from Bluesky followers about content curation of the official Bluesky account [#128](https://github.com/nodejs/bluesky/issues/128)
  * skipped as we ran out of time

## Strategic Initiatives
  * skipped as we ran out of time

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Project Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
