# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2025-04-23

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YH_67jufU0s>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1728>

## Present

* Antoine du Hamel @aduh95 (voting member)
* Yagiz Nizipli @anonrig (voting member)
* Ruben Bridgewater @BridgeAR (voting member)
* Joyee Cheung @joyeecheung (voting member)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (voting member)
* Rafael Gonzaga @RafaelGSS (voting member)
* Robert Nagy @ronag (voting member)
* Ruy Adorno @ruyadorno (voting member)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* No announcements this week
* Antoine - Node.js 24.0.0 will not be shipped today, due to delay in landing V8 update

### Reminders

* Remember to nominate people for the [contributor spotlight](https://github.com/nodejs/node/blob/main/doc/contributing/reconizing-contributors.md#bi-monthly-contributor-spotlight)

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* No updates this week.

### nodejs/node

* doc: doc that proj has access to linked in [#57401](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/57401)
  * Kylie responded and Michael will follow up with her.

* Deadlock at process shutdown [#54918](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/54918)
  * Robert, another project posted on the issue their solution so might be something to consider.
  * Joyee, initial implementation of custom v8 platform noted that related to task runner it would
    not be an issue now, but would be if tasks posted on background post another foreground task and deadlocks would
    happen. There was already an attempt not to drain the posted tasks, but that resulted in
    other failures in the test suite. Our implementation has not been implementing the platform
    correctly from the start. Needs someone knowledgeable. Joyee might be able to
    spend some cycles but not guarantee as have other things I need to do. Learned a bit
    when working on issues with V8 update. Chromium handles for people who we might follow
    up with are: ahaas and mlippautz
* Robert, betting Ben involved. Michael believe we need to find funds to be able to get him
  involved, still not sure were we’d get funds from.
* Joyee, in terms of tests, adding a gc in the shutdown may be a work around in terms of flaky
  tests, and it was proved out on one of the tests - <https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/57930>.
  generally make sure there is no gc task on isolate disposal.

### nodejs/nodejs.org

* feat: supporter page and updated home page [#7552](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.org/pull/7552)
  * still waiting on board for a proposal on what would be a workable approach.

### nodejs/TSC

* Let's talk about the CI situation [#1614](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1614)
  * Covered in discussion on Deadlock at process shutdown [#54918]

* 24 release delayed
  * Joyee
    * a while since we ran the full CI
    * one flake is blocked on CL that almost is landing in V8
    * remaining issues are
      * smartos, patch exists, not sure if plan is to upstream to V8
      * still a few failures on windows, crashes, don’t fully understand issues there not sure if
        anybody is looking at those
      * some simd crashes on arm V7, not sure anybody looking at that, managed to make it go
        away with a revert to disable a garbage collection option by default. Might be a work
        around
      * apparch from Windows failures, the rest may be fixable/work aroundable
      * Michael
        * options for shipping
        * joyee, main issues the 2 failing tests on windows.
      * Joyee next steps
        * get V8 CLs landed
      * Delay until at least next week
      * Michael - see where we are next week to see if we can land the V8 update and ship even
        if there are a few outstanding issue.
      * Joyee do you know why there is a conflict with simdutf
        * Yagiz we need to use wither use V8 version or our version.
        * Joyee - seems like in current V8 update branch it removes our version.
        * Yagiz - may make sense to use our version instead of V8 one since we don’t update
          V8 all that much.
        * Joyee, to get the least problems we may want to have two copies, one prefixed so they
          Co-exist. There is a PR to the V8 node version to use 2 copies. We should probably do
          the same.
        * Yagiz it is a large library so will increase size likely in the order of 2-3 meg
        * Joyee, template based so should the resulting size be based on what you use? And we
          don’t use a lot so should it not be able to trim out unused stuff. We can see if it
          has a lot of size impact.
        * Michael, would changing between 1 or 2 copies be SemVer major?
        * Yagiz, should not be as headers are not visible
        * Joyee, so should be able to just ship what is easiest to start and then adjust. For now
          just continue to remove in the V8 update branch and then decide what to do.

## Strategic Initiatives

* Antoine core promises - No update
* Joyee - startup snapshot
* Michael - Next-10 survey questions should be landed soon and survey go out.

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Project Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
