# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2025-06-11

## Links

* **Recording**: <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xqs7qlmnFsE>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1748>
* **Minutes Google Doc**: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vs6SFsmasb-n_3XLPt6XU6CN9JHe8YiM2YmrBXqmlWg/edit?tab=t.0>

## Present

* Ruben Bridgewater @BridgeAR (voting member)
* Gireesh Punathil @gireeshpunathil (voting member)
* Joyee Cheung @joyeecheung (voting member)
* Chengzhong Wu @legendecas (voting member)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (voting member)
* Filip Skokan @panva (voting member)
* Darshan Sen @RaisinTen (voting member)
* Richard Lau @richardlau (voting member)
* Robert Nagy @ronag (voting member)
* Paolo Insogna @ShogunPanda (voting member)

## Agenda

### Announcements

No announcements

### Reminders

* Remember to nominate people for the [contributor spotlight](https://github.com/nodejs/node/blob/main/doc/contributing/reconizing-contributors.md#bi-monthly-contributor-spotlight)

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

\*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/node

* Update npm to v11 in Node.js v22 #58423
  * Matteo: present the problem, including the deprecation warning
  * Richard: the question is whether this major version is a breaking change for the user of Node.js. There has always be tension between the non-LTS policy of npm and breaking changes for Node.js user. There will be a point in which we would need to upgrade. We should make a decision because it’s semver-major.
  * Paolo: …
  * Richard: …, I have not seen any bug reports for npm 11 in our main tracker.
  * Ruben: It does not sound that the update will impact our users massively. We have no way around it.
  * Gireesh: the list look ok, despite users. We should be synchronize with NPM on the LTS policy.
  * Richard: npm does not have an LTS policy and they won’t implement it. We have always handled it on a case-by-case basis. They are not bend their release policy for us, it is what it is.
  * Matteo: it’s a breaking change for npm because they dropped support for old non-LTS Node.js versions.
  * Paolo: Let’s annoy people now, it’s better to update now than in 6+ months time when a security risk happen.
  * Richard: we have a policy for shipping breaking change security releases. I’m on the fence of approving this.
  * Paolo: it’s better to do now and annoy people at this point than in the future where 22 might be in maintenance.
  * Richard: We should be having the discussion in the PR.
* doc: clarify the scope of `--disallow-code-generation-from-strings` [#58328](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/58328)
  * Chengzhong: the PR scope is to clarify the scope. The objection from Chalker is about not setting this in stone. Extending the behavior is correct.
  * Filip: The original documentation and the proposed PR are not clear enough. The documentation should leave to no confusion or interpretation if it does work on imports as well.
  * Chengzhong: Please comment on the PR
  * Joyee: People should be aware that this is a V8 flag, and it can go away at any time.
  * Chengzhong: We should not remove any of the V8 flags.
  * Darshan: there is already a section for V8 flags.
  * Joyee: we should move this flag there.
* Revert <https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/56664> [#58282](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/58282)
  * Matteo: we discussed it last time, there was no activity on the PR, please chime in.
  * Filip: we should get a feeling from Colin.
  * Matteo: Can you please write the question on the PR?
  * Filip: Yes.

### nodejs/TSC

* Self-serve model for funding Node.js work [#1747](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1747)
  * Darshan presents the problem
  * Gireesh: there is the legal aspect and the operational aspect.
  * Matteo: The foundation staff has been adamant that no list of people to be included in the website for legal reason.
  * Ronag: I’m in favor. Also people that have ideas for new features. I think this would be difficult to do in an organization. I think this would be easy to achieve outside of the organization / so it does not happen on the legal aspect of the Foundation.
  * Darshan: we could have this in a GitHub list in another markdown file or a wiki page.
  * Robert: does GitHub has a feature for this?
  * Darshan: No idea.
  * Matteo: this is a feature request we can bring to github.
  * Darshan: I propose we create such a list on the github org. Which repository should we include?
  * Matteo: I propose the Admin repository.
* Moving from our CNA to OpenJS CNA [#1745](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1745)
* Let's talk about the CI situation [#1614](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1614)
  * Gireesh: in a previous meeting, we should remove it from tsc-agenda and create a champion. He sent a mail asking for objection. There were no objections. Going to reply yo the mail and ask for a champion.

## Strategic Initiatives

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Project Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
