# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2025-06-18

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=um3gtm07EiI>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1749>

## Present

* Antoine du Hamel @aduh95 (voting member)
* Ruben Bridgewater @BridgeAR (voting member)
* Gireesh Punathil @gireeshpunathil (voting member)
* Joyee Cheung @joyeecheung (voting member)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (voting member)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (voting member)
* Rafael Gonzaga @RafaelGSS (voting member)
* Darshan Sen @RaisinTen (voting member)
* Richard Lau @richardlau (voting member)
* Robert Nagy @ronag (voting member)
* Ruy Adorno @ruyadorno (voting member)

## Agenda

### Announcements

### Reminders

* Remember to nominate people for the [contributor spotlight](https://github.com/nodejs/node/blob/main/doc/contributing/recognizing-contributors.md#bi-monthly-contributor-spotlight)

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* Matteo - nothing for the public section

### nodejs/node

* Remove `Symbol.dispose` integration in `setTimeout` and `setInterval` [#58689](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/58689)
  * Matteo, came from discussion I had with Lucas after presentation
    which talked about leveraging the using feature.
  * Michael, main issue is with compatibility Web.
  * But it is different anyway in terms of the return, but actual code usage is the same because
    the return type does not end up mattering when writing the code
  * Matteo: So before the code would work on both despite the two different return types
  * Richard, will point out it has already been shipped, so more complicated to change
  * Matteo, in terms of back portable not possible because using syntax
  * Joyee:  symbol dispose in timers has shipped since 18.x, will need a full deprecation cycle
  * Darshan: likely not very practical to change the return types, maybe have a WebTimers API
    which would allow us to support both.
    * Ruben, challenge is that existing code likely still expects compatible API
  * Joyee, not sure how widespread the use of the non-
  * Darshan, possibility of feature flag where it would return different type
  * Matteo, 2 concerns, first generic compatibility, unlikely we can every shift it back as ref and
    unref are super popular. Don’t think we should embark on that journey unless other runtimes
    willing to invest the significant time/effort that would be needed.
  * Matteo, maybe we should invite Luca to to explain further. Biggest difference from the web
  * Ruben, since it's already incompatible, maybe it would be better with new API
    * Matteo, problem is that in the Web its used from the global
  * Matteo how about we invite Luca? Ruben, not sure if that will add additional info.
  * Joyee, how about we think about how to avoid it in the future.
    * Michael agree that documenting that we won’t add changes that will take us away to from
      web compatibility in general - Michael will volunteer.
    * Joyee, bot that flags updates to globals,
    * Matteo also good to have bot add comments on the issues
  * Please jump into the issue to discuss

* Update npm to v11 in Node.js v22 [#58423](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/58423)
  * on agenda as it is technically SemVer major so would need TSC approval to land
  * npm does not have an LTS policy, v11 has some changes we probably want
  * Matteo: I believe we should land it.
  * Michael: major breaking change?, Matteo -> warnings
  * Joyee: could users just update their version of npm on their own. Comes down to the risk
    balance between updating, versus not updating
  * Richard: there is also an unknown breaking change as one of the life-cycle scripts is no
    longer run
  * Matteo: its also about Node.js 22 still having a long time to run, will make the life of the
    project to move now versus possibly being forced to later.
  * Ruben: We also have the concern related to security fixes. If we had to update later that
    That would be worse. We can also run CITGM
  * Joyee: what is the opinion of the npm team?  Cannot tell from the issue
  * Rafael: in terms of security, I believe we could wait until there is a CVE, at that point we
    could do a security release with the update to 11. It is our standard practice to include
    breaking changes as SemVer minor when needed in security releases. Better to wait to give
    more time to see how the changes affect people in 24.x

* Revert <https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/56664> [#58282](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/58282)
  * Nothing to discuss this week.

### nodejs/nodejs.org

* Add blog post publishing guidelines [#7860](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.org/pull/7860)
  * change is to align with Marketing discussion.
  * On agenda as FYI to TSC members.

### nodejs/TSC

* Let's talk about the CI situation [#1614](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1614)
  * Skipped for this week.

## Strategic Initiatives

* Skipped for this week.

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Project Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
