# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2025-05-07

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q9AvtxFOWQQ>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1735>

## Present

* Antoine du Hamel @aduh95 (voting member)
* Gireesh Punathil @gireeshpunathil (voting member)
* James Snell @jasnell (voting member)
* Joyee Cheung @joyeecheung (voting member)
* Marco Ippolito @marco-ippolito (voting member)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (voting member)
* Rafael Gonzaga @RafaelGSS (voting member)
* Darshan Sen @RaisinTen (voting member)
* Richard Lau @richardlau (voting member)
* Robert Nagy @ronag (voting member)
* Ruy Adorno @ruyadorno (voting member)
* Rich Trott @Trott (regular member)
* Joe Sepi @joesepi (Guest - Node.js CPC rep)
* Robin Ginn (Guest - private session)
* Joe Ames (Guest - private session)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Michael: Node.js 24 went this week, and 18 became EOL this month
* Marco: Next-10 survey is out please fill in the survey

### Reminders

* Remember to nominate people for the [contributor spotlight](https://github.com/nodejs/node/blob/main/doc/contributing/reconizing-contributors.md#bi-monthly-contributor-spotlight)

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* Joe - CPC update - continuing long running work on code of conduct approach, but nothing else important to bring to the group.

### nodejs/node

* doc: doc that proj has access to linked in [#57401](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/57401)
  * no update this week

* Deadlock at process shutdown [#54918](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/54918)
  * Joyee, landed pull request that makes the deadlock less frequent
    * Before if there was a worker task that queued at a “bad time” the deadlock would occur
    * Changed to only block on tasks that have the highest priority
    * From the reports shows up much less frequency (only seen recently on Windows and much
      less frequently)
    * Has improved the situation but has greatly improved, full fix will require a major rewrite of
      platform implementation.
    * Also likely means that we can re-enable concurrent sparkplug because they are not user blocking

### nodejs/nodejs.org

* feat: supporter page and updated home page [#7552](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.org/pull/7552)
  * No update waiting for update in the issue to relay Foundation guidance on that front.

### nodejs/TSC

* BountyHub Proposal for NodeJs [#1731](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1731)
  * See discussion under 1723

* NodeJS Feature Bounty Program [#1723](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1723)
  * Darshan - somebody reached out wanting to fund work in Node.js related to loaders but did
     not know who they could pay to do that.
    * tried to summarize the problems with github sponsors etc. in - <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1723#issuecomment-2827713134>
    * One option would be to summarize people, skill sets, and availability on the main website to
      try to close that gap
    * Gireesh, challenge when $ are involved in terms of potential behaviour
    * Darshan to start project should not get involved $ just share info to help connections be made
    * Rich not all problems need to be solved, may or might not be a good idea in this case
    * James, don’t believe we should have a bounty program, sets up unhealthy incentives,
    * Michael, to clarify James is objection to bounty program, the information sharing in 1723 or
      both?
      * James just the bug bounty program
    * Gireesh strongly believe we need to support progress to help people fund work,
    * Robert, see James objection to making it an unofficial bug bounty program but why not ust
      unofficial?
    * James, nothing is stopping anybody from setting up a program. However it sets the wrong
      Incentives if it is the project that sets up the program
    * Robert, that’s not what I meant, those who are for this proposal, can they not just set it up?
    * James, agree just objecting to the project setting up
    * Robert is it possible to just move the proposal outside of the project
    * Rich visibility and credibility might be less, however,
    * Robert if well know Node.js people advertise might be close
    * Rich agree with that.
    * Robert seems like 90% of outcome can be achieved that way
    * Darshan, in terms of bounty hub program, they wanted to partner with Node.js. Not sure
      If it would happen outside of Node.js. Also not +1 to that specific proposal.
      * Concerns with bug bounty platforms is that you get nothing until completion
      * Also concern with gaming the system
    * Robin, want to remind people that foundation is non-profit and that constrains what is
      Possible. Projects cannot sign legal agreements all of that would have to go through the
      foundation.
    * Any objections to closing the issue with the comment that the TSC members in presence
      did not believe that we could override the objection to a bug bounty program which is
      endorsed by the project. ?
      * No objections
    * Darshan what about my proposal to show info on website
      * James, what I would like to see, a proposal on what it would look like and how it would
        be managed
      * Open separate issue in TSC repo that would be fine, yes

* Adopt Datadog Test Optimization tool [#1721](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1721)
  * Michael, understanding is that at this point, the tool would not necessarily give us more info
    than we have now.
    * Darshan it will provide additional analytics, not sure how it will move the needle
    * Based on read of program, they want open source projects which are mature, and their
      outcome to promote the benefits - <https://www.datadoghq.com/partner/open-source/>
    * So if not going to help project, effectively free marking
    * Michael, lets add a comment that says unless we have strong advocate which we
      don’t think we have, we don’t see it providing enough additional info to motivate adding it so
      we should not proceed with it at this point. Michael will add comment to the issue.

* Let's talk about the CI situation [#1614](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1614)
  * Covered under the discussion on Deadlock above

## Strategic Initiatives

* Skipped as we did not have enough time today

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Project Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
