---
title: Minutes for the Node.js core team meeting of 12/10/2014
date: 2014-12-10
layout: foundation-tsc-minutes-post.hbs
---

## Team announcements

Colin Ihrig is promoted to apprentice. Chris Dickinson and Julien Gilli are
promoted from apprentice to core team members.

## Next releases

### 0.10.34

The next stable release, 0.10.34, is imminent and should be available in the
next few days. The only issue remaining is that recently libuv added an entry
to the public API (see https://github.com/libuv/libuv/commit/9da5fd443ebc2c56a
7f5946f0a1e04801b370a33). Node will need to find a way to not cause any
problems for users who link node with a dynamic shared libuv.

### 0.11.15

Nobody had any blocker for the next development release, whose release is
also scheduled to happen in the next few days. The priority is given to
releasing 0.10.34 first though.

### 0.12

#### Potential V8 upgrade

During the previous meeting, the possibility of upgrading V8 to a more recent
release was discussed. While everyone agreed that upgrading V8 to a version
that is closer to what the V8 team considers to be stable would benefit all
users in terms of new features (e.g generators), several concerns were
expressed:

* It is not clear what impact it would have on binary modules.

* Users would need to upgrade their toolchain, as V8 moved to C++11. It's not a
problem for individual developers, as they can upgrade easily most of the
time. However, it could be a problem for distributions (an example is CentOS),
and people who followed the 0.11.x branch for a long time and don't expect
such a change.

Moreover, everyone agreed that performing this upgrade that late in the
development process and so close to a new stable relase is risky.

The consensus seems to be leaning towards not upgrading V8 again before 0.12,
and instead having a smaller list of features and fixes for the next stable
release, with a much shorter release time. One of the first thing that would
be done in the next unstable branch (0.13) would be a V8 upgrade.

## TODO for next meeting

Next meeting is December 11th at 9:00AM PST.

* Come up with a list of the following GitHub issues:
  * Needed for 0.12.0.
  * Needed 0.12.1.
