---
title: Minutes for the Node.js core team meeting of 04/30/2015
date: 2015-04-30
layout: foundation-tsc-minutes-post.hbs
---

## Participants

* Colin Ihrig.
* James Snell.
* Julien Gilli.
* Michael Dawson.
* Steven Loomis.
* Trevor Norris.
* Wyatt Preul.

## Discussions

### Upcoming releases

#### 0.10.39

##### Fixes to the bar mitzvah attacks

James: Will update recent ciphers list changes with some fixes.

Julien: Will review as soon as possible.

##### TLS default ciphers not used if ciphers null or undefined

Julien: See https://github.com/joyent/node/pull/23947. This must probably be
considered before releasing the other changes to the default ciphers lists
that have already landed in v0.10.

##### Timer fixes

Julien: Current PR here: https://github.com/joyent/node/pull/17203.

Julien: Need more feedback on whether to land this in v0.10.39. Recent changes
to the timers module broke a lot of users in the past few v0.10.x releases, so
we definitely need to be careful. This one seems safer than the previous ones
though.

#### v0.12.3

##### V8 lateral upgrade and other V8 fixes

Julien: https://github.com/joyent/node/pull/18206 landed, as well as the
floating patch to fix let bindings in for loops
(https://github.com/joyent/node/pull/23948).

#####  Upgrade npm to 2.8.4

Julien: There's a PR from Forrest that upgrades to npm 2.8.4. It fixes some
significant issues (including security issues). We will want to include an
upgraded version of npm with the next v0.12 release. Will review this PR and
land if tests pass and that version is still what makes sense.

Michael: We could probably create a Jenkins job to run the test-npm make target.

##### net/HTTP servers with implicit binding to IPv6 addresses

Colin: This issue was reported a while ago, and we probably need to make a
decision about it sooner than later:
https://github.com/joyent/node/issues/9195.

James: I would suggest updating the docs in 0.12, and wait to have more input
to maybe make a change in behavior on master.

Colin and ALL: agreed.

### Convergence plan

James: Initial convergance plan: https://github.com/jasnell/dev-policy/pull/66.

James: nothing set in stone. Current plan:

* io.js organization transferred to nodejs organization. Will keep everything
they've already setup.
* joyent/node and other joyent/node-related repos will also be transferred to
this organization.
* Both joyent/node and iojs/iojs repos would be under the foundation.
* For the converged repo, a fork of iojs repo would be created.
* New repo would be the next major release.

James: Details for LTS policies still need to be figured out.

James: Next work will be focused on the CI infrastructure.

James: most importantly, need to agree that the merging process will be io.js
forked and picking changes from joyent/node.

James: Will also need to catalog other resources like twitter handles, domain
names, etc.

__Action Item:__ Julien to send James the list of assets used by the current
CI platform.

### Intl

James: io.js not OK with current intl support in v0.12 due to lack of
modularity and issues around new command line switches.

James: Putting together a plan that would make sense so that we can track that
refactoring. Would be targeted to 0.13, and would make it more palatable for
the io.js team.

Steven: Concerns around the data size, confident that this proposal will
improve the user experience.

Steven: What it doesn't address is splitting the data in micro pieces. Not
convinced by the use case for that, especially due to the amount of work
required.

James: In discussions witb Bert and others to know what the use cases are for
the modularity.

Michael: On board with being able to install data from npm, but not sure what
the

Steven: Two different types of usage: desktop of server. ICU point of view is
to support user's language on the desktop and whatever comes on the wire in
the server model.

James, Steven: Working group about i18n will likely be created in the Node.js
foundation, more discussions about that in upcoming convergence meetings.




