---
title: Minutes for the Node.js core team meeting of 02/19/2015
date: 2015-02-19
layout: foundation-tsc-minutes-post.hbs
---

## Participants

### Present

* Alexis Campailla
* Michael Dawson
* TJ Fontaine
* Julien Gilli
* Colin Ihrig
* Steven Loomis
* Bradley Meck
* Trevor Norris
* Wyatt Preul

### Regrets
* James Snell
  * Working on:
    * Enabling openssl tests during the build similar to how I enabled the v8 tests.
    * Resource and message bundle support.

* Robert Kowalski
  * Progress:
    * I fixed the bad merge for https://github.com/joyent/node-documentation-
     generator and will continue to work on it, next items are .markdown
     support and sending a PR to node and node-website to make use of the
     module.

    * It is [not possible any more to accidentally deploy an outdated version of
     the website](https://github.com/joyent/node-website/commit/dc1ab6f2037a9005d7fc44e73001bf9067e25d5b).

  * Blocked by:
    * I'm still waiting for a fixed SSl Cert for https://blog.nodejs.org/ to
    continue with https://github.com/joyent/node-website/issues/68.

## Current state of v0.12.0

### V8 issues

Julien: A lot of issues related to V8 came up recently after v0.12.0 was
released. I believe Trevor is working on most of them right now.

Trevor: Yes, I'm currently investigating.

#### V8 max_old_space issue

See https://github.com/joyent/node/pull/9200#issuecomment-75001656.

TJ: We'll float the patch as it's pretty uncontroversial.

#### VM module

See https://github.com/joyent/node/issues/9084.

TJ: would like to reboot the VM module. Will do a writeup in
https://github.com/joyent/node/issues/9084. Who would like to work on
implementing the proposed enhancements?

Colin: I would like to work on this.

TJ: alright!

#### let issue

See https://github.com/joyent/node/issues/9113.

TJ: This one should be able to be debugged with only d8 to identify if and
what version of V8 introduced the bug.

### node::Makecallback issue

See https://github.com/joyent/node/issues/9245.

Trevor: there's a case with some developers add-on where calling
`MakeCallback` processes next tick callbacks. I'm working on a fix that would
make calling MakeCallback safe in every case.

### Security issue with shared OpenSSL

See https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/800.

### --abort-on-uncaught-exception and domains

Colin: abort on uncaught exception fix hasn't been forward ported to 0.12.0,
so that prevents us from upgrading to 0.12.0.

Julien: There's an issue in the 0.12.1 milestone that tracks this. See
https://github.com/joyent/node/issues/8877.

### Installer on Windows not updating PATH

See https://github.com/joyent/node/issues/4356.

Alexis: issue with installer on Windows. Julien: fixed in io.js. Alexis: I
will take care of this.

### TCP_NODELAY issue

See https://github.com/joyent/node/issues/9235.

Michael Dawson: I have a candidate for a patch, would like to get feedback on that.

### test-http-destroyed-socket-write2.js failing on AIX

See https://github.com/joyent/node/issues/9234.

Michael Dawson: I also have a patch for that, feedback wanted.

## Website

Use tracing documentation as starting point for the general documentation.

## i18n

TJ: what's the status on the bug with data customiser.

Steven: thought it was an endianness issue. Updated the wiki to warn users.

Steven: want to make full data available. Currently testing his solution.

Bradley Meck, TJ and Steven Loomis will discuss bundles and resources today.

## Issues triaging and general workflow

Julien: I submitted a proposal to improve our workflow here:
https://gist.github.com/misterdjules/50d78ed4b0c5a156edd1.

Steven: It would be nice to know what's the focus on a release, so that we
know what issues to put in the next milestones.

Steven: Having the meeting to be a go/no-go meeting would help in being more
efficient in this.

Alexis: Doing triaging during weekly meetings would also be beneficial.

TJ: call tomorrow where everyone comes up with a list of priorities for next
milestone.

TJ: call tomorrow to discuss the proposal sent by Julien.

## libuv upgrade

See https://github.com/joyent/node/pull/9179.

TJ: Caveats in the GitHub issue are the only concerns that I have. enum/int
ABI issue, not sure if it's an actual issue or not. Would like to get more
feedback from more knowledgeable C/C++ users. Concerned by some of the
behavior changes in libuv.

Alexis: Users can use type casting if they have issues with the sizeof(enum)
vs sizeof(int).

TJ: also, probably doesn't affect a lot of packages since it affects only the
`uv_tty` API.

Julien: Failures on Windows.

Alexis: I can help to look into that.

## Team organization updates

TJ: I would like to propose that Colin move from apprentice to core team
member, and that Michael and Steven be appointed as apprenticies.

## Publication of minutes

TJ: we want to publish every meeting's minutes on the website.

## Testing

Michael Dawson: what tests should be run on a regular basis by any
implementation?

TJ: would like to have make test run as many tests suite as possible. At least
we can make it run simple, message, gc and internet today.

Michael Dawson: When do pummel, internet and other tests are run?

TJ: Historically, we've run them when building nightlies for instance. Some
pummel tests take a long time to run on virtualized windows environments.

TJ, Michael Dawson: would like to have a mechanism to have platform specific
tests.

## Next core team meeting

Thursday February 26th 2015.

