---
title: Minutes for the Node.js core team meeting of 04/24/2015
date: 2015-04-24
layout: foundation-tsc-minutes-post.hbs
---

## Participants

* Alexis Campailla
* James Snell
* Julien Gilli
* Michael Dawson
* Steven Loomis
* TJ Fontaine
* Colin Ihrig

### Upcoming releases

#### v0.10.39

Discussion around removal of RC4 to address Bar Mitzva attack.  Progress
being made, need to update to clarify precedence of command line 
options (https://github.com/joyent/node/pull/19148), update code/tests to 
match this description (James), finalize release notes (Julien with input from all) 
and then do one final review before release (all).   Important that we add
tests to make sure merge with 0.12.X can be easily validated.

#### v0.12.3

Same discussion of removal of RC4 to address Bar Mitzva attack.  Just need
to do commits in a way that facilitates merge from 0.10.X later

Julien: looking at completing V8 lateral upgrade.  Will be v0.12.3 unless
removal of RC4 is ready before it is.

### Internationalization

James: io.js looking at Globalize as an alternative, because they would like
it to be more modular in terms of how features (like collation)/languages get pulled in.

If the two code bases are merged not including ICU would be a forced break.  Current
understanding is that merged code base would be everything from both code bases.  
If instead individual pieces are not going to be included then likely convergence working 
group would need to build list to cover these pieces and work through an appropriate
approach to deal with each one. 

In advance, we should start looking to see if we can make the inclusion of ICU more
modular in a non breaking way.  Action: Michael to setup meeting with Steven/James
to better understand dependencies between startup and V8 with respect to ICU.

### Windows Build Issues

Alexis working on PR to fix some windows build issues, will do review on PR

### JxCore

Michael/James talked to JxCore team to see if the C API that they have for separating
core from Javascript engine and multi-isolate support might be starting point
for Node.  JxCore team seems interested in collaborating.  Next logical step
likely to form working group in Foundation to cover these two. 

TJ: We should also be looking at formalizing the internal layer (for example 
TCPWrap) as part of introducing the required separation.

### Dev Policy

James: looking to add some representation for user requirements. Proposed a working
group, alternative may be an evolution of the advisory board into that role.


