---
title: Minutes for the Node Summit technical roadmap meeting of 02/09/2015
date: 2015-02-09
layout: foundation-tsc-minutes-post.hbs
---

## Participants

* Alexis Campailla
* Michael Dawson
* TJ Fontaine
* Julien Gilli
* Jacob Groundwater
* Steven Loomis
* Trevor Norris
* Issac Roth
* Todd Moore
* Dan Shaw
* James Snell
* Erik Toth

## TJ: Updating V8 versions

Difference between communities. Important for IBM's regarding upstream power port.

Michael Dawson: Regarding porting to power, upstreamed 2 out of the three
parts. Started discussions on optimizations. Hoping to get this upstreamed
this quarter. It's gonna be a little longer for the zSeries support.

TJ: proposed solution: being able to run the V8 runtome as a dynamic library.
Potential issues: modules and user land code might have to perform runtime tests to
figure out if specific features in the JavaScript runtime are present.

Dan Shaw: How to handle Node.js' JavaScript APIs using recent runtime's
capabilities (promises) that are not present in all versions of V8?

TJ: That's already a problem today, and this proposed solution doesn't
eliminate this problem. Maybe use the "engines" properties in package.json
for user land modules to express their requirements.

Dan Shaw: Do we need a baseline for a minimum supported set of
language/runtime level features?

TJ: Having a specification of a fundamental base layer on the runtime side.

Alexis Campailla: How to handle different versions of V8?

TJ: my preference would be to use something like node-addon-layer as an
abstraction layer.

Alexis, TJ: that would become the blessed V8/JSruntime API for binary add-ons.

TJ: C++ ABI has worked so far, but probably because we've been lucky. So C API
makes more sense and would be more robust across different platforms.

Alexis Campailla: What about nan?

TJ: nan is a header only C++ library, so it wouldn't solve the case of loading
runtimes dynamically. However, as a lot of users of Node.js use nan, we might
have to provide a double abstraction.

Isaac Roth: All of that sounds good, but it puts a lot of burden on module
authors.

TJ: Bert mentioned previously that using NaCl could be interesting.

## Issues with specing what a Node.js runtime baseline is

Erik Toth: Paypal has problems with JavaScript, not with Node.js. EcmaScript
standard is a bit nebulous, and so talking about a platform identified with an
Ecma Script version is very confusing.

James Snell: That's why we would need a baseline spec for what would be a
compatible Node.js runtime.

IBM: Specs will be unsufficient, we'll need tests also.

TJ: Asynchronous code can be made easier to troubleshoot with using other
mechanisms than promises, for instance vasync module, or other tooling.

Dan Shaw: ES6 2015/2016 is coming way faster than I expected. Node.js should be
a runtime where we can run untranspiled/untransformed code. Problems with
JavaScript should be separated from problems that we have with Node.js itself.

Issac Roth: Promises, generators, etc. will happen anyway, so we have to
support that.

Issac Roth: Promises is a core abstraction, and so promises are unavoidable.

TJ: Problem of re-using code written for the browser which uses promises.

Trevor: What is the point of the discussion?

Trevor: The interface between the JavaScript layer and the native layer is a
mess, cleaning that up will allow to build whatever type of interface to the
code native layer.

Trevor: You can't transition all asynchronous APIs to promises (e.g event
emitters)

Trevor: 1st priority should be to refactor some core layers to use lower level
APIs to improve performance (e.g http should use tcp_wrap instead of
lib/net.js).

Trevor: Before supporting promises at the core layer, we'd have to do some
simplification work.

Trevor: Supporting loading different runtimes will make supporting existing
(memory monitors, tracking GC events, etc.) tooling much more difficult.

## Issac Roth: Internationalization

Issac Roght: Ability to translate/localize error messages.

James Snell: One of IBM's mandate is to be able to ship code localized for 70
countries, otherwise needs to get exceptions.

TJ: Also, concept of cleaning up error messages/objects related to i18n of error
messages.

## Dan Shaw: We talked about abstracting V8, what about libuv?

TJ: libuv doesn't fit the same kind of niche as V8. However, an abstraction
layer would be helpful.

Dan Shaw: Concern of how and when Node.js will catch up with libuv?

TJ: At some point in the release cycle, we have to close the gates and we
can't integrate latest versions of dependencies.

TJ: Carefully scoped roadmap and more frequent releases should allow us to integrate
newer versions of dependencies often.

Isaac Roth: It will be difficult to get broad agreement on a roadmap. Usually,
open source projects work by integrating changes organically from contributors
dependening on what they want to work on.

TJ: Have the requirement of at any time, the tip of the development
branch can be used as a release candidate.

## Alexis Campailla: Work to build all PRs on every supported platforms.

Alexis Campailla: I've been doing some work to be able to build/test code from
any GitHub pull request.

## Alexis Campailla: Running benchmarks for Windows.

Julien: Tracking benchmarks results across every commit would be very useful
to identify the causes of performance regressions.

James Snell, Michael Dawson: IBM started to run benchmarks for downstream
dependencies, and wants to do more of that.

## TJ: cluster

James: Cluster seems to be used only by 6 npm modules (grepped 'cluster'
through 120 most used modules). However, these modules could (and probably)
use pm2 or other abstraction on top of cluster.

TJ: Cluster is mostly used internally by glue code.

Alexis: Datagram socket not supported on Windows. There's a lot of room for
improvement in the implementation.

Isaac: Performance of the cluster module is not satisfying, made some
comparison with nginx and cluster seems to be 3x slower. Could need a rewrite.

Jacob: Lots of users who directly use cluster module, sometimes by just
copy/pasting code from the doc. I would say cluster is used widely.

TJ: Preference would have been to improve child_process and have userland
modules implement clustering features.

## James Snell: Crypto improvements

James Snell : Better access to crypto hardware is needed.

TJ: libressl came out with a very compelling C API that Node.js could use.

## Julien Gilli: stricter APIs

Julien Gilli: There are a lot of fragile APIs in Node.js. It makes these APIs
hard to use correctly, and it is also very time consuming for contributors who
help users troubleshoot issues related to misuses of APIs.

Julien: Example of recent improvement was making net.Socket.setTimeout's API
stricter.

TJ: Differences between browser APIs strictness and Node.js API strictness.
It's also a documentation effort and is related to better error messages.

Erik Toth: Ecma has a formal type proposal that could be related.

## Julien Gilli: lldb-v8

Julien: lldb-v8 is a great tool that, if working more reliably with different
versions of node, could help both users and the core team to investigate bugs.

TJ: I believe IBM has another toolchain that they use.

## Erik Toth: What's the plan with async_wrap?

Dan Shaw: Gathering input from potential users currently.

TJ: Some interesting output from the meeting in Vancouver last summer.

Erik Toth: Lower level thing that we want to see where it goes.

Jacob: Various needs for tracing, some fairly basic (intercepting what is
logged by console.log), some much more advanced like inspecting V8 internals.
Needs to move slowly to make sure these broad needs are satisfied.

IBM: Performance is crucial.

Isaac Roth: Had to constantly reimplement tracing solutions because of
changing requirements from users. Maybe need to be very generic about this.

TJ: My proposed solution was to inject calls to probes that are interpreted by
platform-specific tracing frameworks (dtrace, ETW, etc.)

Issac Roth: Building a more generic layer that other user land modules can
build upon.

## Closing comments and action items

James Snell: Need to prioritize things.

TJ: Post ideas for roadmap somewhere where people can comment.
