---
title: Minutes for the Node.js core team meeting of 02/05/2015
date: 2015-02-05
layout: foundation-tsc-minutes-post.hbs
---

## Participants

* Michael Dawson
* TJ Fontaine
* Julien Gilli
* Colin Ihrig
* Trevor Norris
* Wyatt Preul
* James Snell

## Discussions

### 0.12.0 release

Julien: Remaining issues to release 0.12.0 are in the 0.11.17 milestone on GitHub.
Everyone agreed that there's no blocker for this release.

TJ: will put a draft for blog post for release notes up and the rest of the team will review it.

#### Native modules breakage

TJ: some modules that don't use nan or other ways to build with V8 shipped by
node v0.12.x will break. These modules will need to be fixed on a case by case
basis.

### Website

Wyatt: security page published.

### Post 0.12.0

TJ: From now on, it would be nice if core team members would use
https://github.com/joyent/git-apply-pr to land PRs/contributions. It's a work
in progress, bug fixes/improvements are more than welcome!

TJ: We may discuss what to integrate from the core team working group of the
Node.js Advisory Board (https://github.com/joyent/nodejs-advisory-board)
during the next core team call.

### Testing downstream modules and applications

Michael Dawson: need for higher level benchmarks (for upper layers like
express, etc.).

TJ: Some people have been working on downstream integration tests (for
instance, Julien with test-node-apps)

TJ: Downstream integration tests, downstream benchmarking desirable in the
future.

James: identify the top 120 most depended on modules, determine what core
modules they use, and create a tests framework around that.

Michael: Michael and James already have something simple that run tests for
some npm modules.

### Node summit

TJ: Tentative meeting on Monday 2pm to 4pm: purely technical meeting about
roadmap, not a meeting about governance.
