---
title: Minutes for the Node.js core team meeting of 01/22/2015
date: 2015-01-22
layout: foundation-tsc-minutes-post.hbs
---

## Participants

* Michael Dawson
* Chris Dickinson
* TJ Fontaine
* Julien Gilli
* Colin Ihrig
* Robert Kowalski
* Steven R Loomis
* Trevor Norris

## Minutes

### Update on the state of 0.11.16

#### Tool to update AUTHORS file

The current tooling to update the AUTHORS and .mailmap file should be
refactored to:
- Order authors by name using a stable sort algorithm.
- Update the .mailmap file with authors' email addresses.

Julien has been assigned to this and work is in progress at
https://github.com/joyent/node/pull/9088.

Participants agreed that eventually the project should have more tooling to
land changes from contributors and that these tools would also take care of
updating authors files each time a contribution is integrated in the code
repository.

#### url.format/url.parse

The only issue non-straightforward issue remaining in the 0.11.6 milestone is a
[recent regression in
`url.format`](https://github.com/joyent/node/issues/9070).

Two discussions started, one that was about what can be done before v0.12.0 is
released, and another one about what can be done post v0.12.0. Some
participants mentioned that ultimately, the goal would probably be to conform
to the whatwg spec and deprecate the current `url` module.

All participants agreed that before v0.12.0 is released, `url.format` should
throw on conflicting properties. Chris was assigned to this task.

#### Target date

The target date for releasing 0.11.16 is "as soon as possible". Being a
development release, there's no constraint on which day of the week the
release should be done.

### Update on ICU (i18n) for 0.12.0

Steven tested the English language support included in the v0.11.15 release.
He mentioned that it seems to be working fine, but that he hadn't had the
opportunity to test loading additional data.

Robert, Steven and TJ also discussed updating the website to document how to
load additional data.

### Website / Documentation effort

Robert and TJ discussed how to to factor out the documentation from the
project. Robert also mentioned that he'd like to work with Chris on the
website to integrate features/tools that are now available in io.js (for
instance, comments in documentation).

Robert also mentioned that he's going to check-in the website's configuration
file in source control.

### Node on Power processors

Michael Dawson from IBM talked about Node.js on PowerPC processors. TJ and
Michael agreed that the target for such a port would likely be 0.14.0. Michael
mentioned that ideally the process of upstreaming changes to V8 would be done
by that time. If not, there has been discussions recently between TJ and Chris
on refactoring the dependencies management so that maintaining floating
patches (also for other dependencies like c-ares and OpenSSL) would be easier.

### 0.10.36 release

The 0.10.36 milestone is done, and the release is planned for today (Thursday
January 22nd).
