---
title: Minutes for the Node.js core team meeting of 04/09/2015
date: 2015-04-09
layout: foundation-tsc-minutes-post.hbs
---

## Participants

* Alexis Campailla
* Colin Ihrig
* Julien Gilli
* James Snell
* Michael Dawson
* TJ Fontaine

## Discussions

### Agenda

* RC4 vulnerability.
* v0.12.3 status.
* dev policy sync before meeting.

### RC4 vulnerability

We want to iterate a few more times before we release.

James has a new set of PRs for review.

Julien ran the ssl upgrade test, and found a potential security issue.

There is an additional note for getLegacyCiphers, throwing for an unknown
string.

How do we want to release this? Is it separate, or should we include it along
with a blog post and documentation about the changes?

IBM security identified it as being important enough to have a fix.

Are we doing our normal v0.12.3 gestation, or are we doing a v0.12.2 with only
this fix?

io.js updated their defaults a month ago.

Continue conversation on email and make a decision on the release for Monday.

This particular issue should be handled for v0.10.39, but for v0.12.3 we
include what has been already landed.

Potential Security Issue:
* Julien will send an email to security@ with a description for a discussion.
* Validate the concerns of this issue and determine if it should be included
with the RC4 fix.

IBM runs a lot of tests on multiple platforms for their releases, and the RC4
fixes for v0.10 have been internally validated.

James is looking at improving the SSL/TLS cipher test suite

### v0.12.3

Not much has changed since last week, as many people were working on
Foundation pieces.

Many of the P-1 issues can be easily managed once we have more time.

Are any small enough for inclusion before Monday.

A FreeBSD fix still needs more iteration.

Ideally we continue focusing on the RC4 and related security issues.

No one has indicated being blocked on others.

### Release Candidate work 

Julien submitted a PR to describe the policy.

Ideally running the release of v0.12.4 in this policy.

Some platform providers are not sure about the RC portion will be useful for
them.

TJ would like to introduce the Yahoo team to Julien to see if they'd be
interested in release candidates.

Also would be good to reach out to Forrest for npm mechanisms.

node-gyp still relies on the internet.

### Windows MSI install

We should look to unify on install.py and the location.

Deployment on windows is particularly hard.

Compilers for production deployments is odd.

JXCore has an API/ABI shim and engine abstraction layer.
 
### Development Policy

Meeting today at 12PM PDT.

Work between James and Mikeal on describing the iojs policy and adding in the
things that the Node.js core team cares about.

Trying to walk the line and balance innovation and speed with stability.

The core team needs to provide feedback, before and during the meeting.

Convergence Working Group would merge the code bases between iojs and Node.js,
in the mean time the projects would work independently.

The potential release number would be 2.0.0.
