---
title: Minutes for the Node.js core team meeting of 03/12/2015
date: 2015-03-12
layout: foundation-tsc-minutes-post.hbs
---

## Participants

* Alexis Campailla
* Julien Gilli
* Michael Dawson
* Steven Loomis
* TJ Fontaine
* Trevor Norris

## Discussion

### Upcoming releases

#### v0.10.37

Julien: All binaries, files and tarballs are available at
https://nodejs.org/dist/v0.10.37. I'm currently coordinating with people from
Heroku and New Relic to have it tested. Once I hear back from them, we can
make the announcement.

TJ: It would be great to have a channel where we announce release candidates,
and have other people willing to test them subscribe to it.

Michael: Once we know there are binaries we can put that into our testing
queue.

Alexis: Microsoft doesn't have additional tests besides the ones that already
run on Jenkins.

TJ: We should write a proposal for an improved release workflow.

#### v0.12.1

##### libuv upgrade to 1.4.0

Julien: Discussion around floating patches on top of 1.4.0 or waiting for
1.5.0 to float less patches.

TJ,Trevor: Upgrade to the latest 1.4.x, float patches and rerun the tests.

Trevor: We should probably make sure to integrate
https://github.com/joyent/node/issues/9342.

##### V8 "lateral" upgrade

Trevor: Almost there.

##### Various V8 bugs

TJ: It would be great to track down current V8 bugs with people who have
experience with codegen in V8.

Michael: We can probably work on that.

##### ICU related issues

Steven: Looking into doing an npm based install of full-ICU data.

##### FreeBSD crash

TJ will provision a FreeBSD server for Trevor to take a look at this issue.

##### Other issues

Michael: https://github.com/joyent/node/issues/9317, I will create a PR for
that.

Michael: https://github.com/joyent/node/issues/9334, I'll take a look at the
comments.

##### VM module

TJ: VM module leaks a lot of memory, basically never frees any resource.

### Port of V8 to Power and other IBM architectures

Michael: We are well into our testing cycle for v0.12.0 on power.

### Floating patches on top of V8

Michael: How open are we to floating patches on V8? For instance, issue
with profiler performance.

Steven: Also https://code.google.com/p/v8/issues/detail?id=3348.

TJ: We're going to have more scenarios where we need to float patches. We need
a way to manage a queue of patches (e.g quilt). Long term solution: have a
vanilla V8 in tree and a queue of patches.

Alexis: Other way is to fork repositories, didn't have time to write the
proposal I talked about last time, but will do as soon as possible.

TJ: Problem with having our own forks is not every dependency uses Git.

### Leap second

Steven: started an FAQ on leap seconds:
https://gist.github.com/srl295/e74710ae42e8d13b96e7.

TJ: Does faketime have a way to "simulate leap seconds"?

Julien: I don't think so, but it's worth taking a look.

TJ: Maybe Steven you could use that to run tests regarding leap seconds.

TJ: libuv uses monotonic time for all its operations. In node, the last
remaining place where we were using wall clock has been fixed in 0.10.30 or
0.10.31.

Trevor: libuv uses epoll_wait, does it use monotonic/hrtime on all
systems?

TJ: Generally yes.

Alexis: On Windows, for node v0.12 yes, for node v0.10 no.

Alexis: We can backport the hrtime fix for v0.10.

Michael: OpenSSL, c-ares and npm seem to use wall clock (gettimeofday).

TJ: Apparently c-ares uses gettimeofday only if it can't use a clock
monotonic.

Alexis, Steven: Potential issues with leap seconds: negative time difference,
minutes taking more than 60 seconds.

Julien: OpenSSL might be using wall clock not for comparing dates/times, but
for instance for inserting dates into certificates.

TJ: To conclude, largest concern is backporting hrtime fix to v0.10 on
windows.

Steven: Would be great to have a statement from V8 and OpenSSL.

### Governance proposal

TJ: I want to make sure that everyone can give feedback, so please reach out
to me if you'd like to talk about it.

Steven, Michael: Could be useful to have a separate meeting soon to discuss
that.

TJ: Will find a time slot that works for everyone soon.

### Update on workflow/issues management proposal

Julien: Still gathering feedback from other projects, goal is to start using
it starting next week.
