---
title: Minutes for the Node.js core team meeting of 03/19/2015
date: 2015-03-19
layout: foundation-tsc-minutes-post.hbs
---

## Participants

* Alexis Campailla
* James Snell
* Julien Gilli
* Michael Dawson
* Steven Loomis
* TJ Fontaine
* Trevor Norris

## Discussion

New Openssl vulnerabilities reported today. Important but not a panic. Node
uses openssl 1.0.1  and higher severity issues were reported against 1.0.2.
James will create pull request and we'd like to see the update go out either
Friday (torrow) or Monday.

We discussed different options and agreed that 0.10.38 will be the same as
0.10.37 plus the new openssl level and similarlty 0.12.1 will be the same as
0.12.0 plus the new openssl level.

There was some discussion about including the changes that have gone into the
existing 0.12.1 branch but we agreed it was best not to do this.

### Upcoming releases

#### v0.10.38

Only discussion was related to openssl issue as covered above.

#### v0.12.1

Trevor: still having some issues with building on BSD 10.1. TJ is going to
have a look at it to see if he can help out.

Libuv upgrade, should be ready just need to run accept job to pull it in.

Michael raised issue 9439 which covers a patch to v8 to bring profiling
for 0.12.X back up to the level of 0.10.X. TJ identified that the next
steps for 0.12.2 are:

* Libuv update.
* Lateral V8 change.
* floating patches for v8.
* Look at adding the floating patch for 9439.

### Update on workflow/issues management proposal

Julien: We will roll this out in stages over the new few weeks. At this point
we should be using the node-accept-pull-request jenkins jobs to
accept/validate pull requests. Julien will add to node websites the parts we
are putting into use. Next to be added is nomination for milestones which
we'll probably start using in a couple of weeks.

### General

#### Next V8 upgrade

Michael asked about how we'd choose the next V8 version. TJ confirmed it would
most likely be the current stable V8 level when 0.13/0.14 get started, however
there are issues around the toolset needed to support the latest V8 releases
and how we can maintain support for older OS levels might affect this.

#### ICU crash - Issue 9361

Fix for this is already integrated in a later V8 version. Steven Loomis is
looking at this and there is a pull request ready to backport the existing
fix. There was some discussion about the best approach and in the end we
agreed the existing fix is appropriate and we should just backport it to
0.12.2.

#### Testing release candidates

Julien is talking with some groups about doing some pre-release testing on
release candidates. TJ suggested we should ask for volunteers on the blog or
twitter. It will need to be a full blown release candidate due to gyp
dependencies etc. Julien will write up a proposal.

#### Tooling around issues/PR triaging

There was some discussion about whether GitHub is the best tooling, in general
more investigation/discussion is required before doing anything.
