# Node.js Foundation Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2017-12-20

## Links

* **Recording**:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sj2cV2fxwOk
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/447
* **Minutes Google Doc**: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1q35I8ONS2Aqsjhcci6OJ6vDdak5VngFcChhbmE8aCTg

## Present

* Сковорода Никита Андреевич @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Franziska Hinkelmann @fhinkel (TSC)
* Jeremiah Senkpiel @Fishrock123 (TSC)
* Gibson Fahnestock @gibfahn (observer)
* Matteo Collina @mcollina (TSC)
* Myles Borins @MylesBorins (TSC)
* Ali Ijaz Sheikh @ofrobots (TSC)
* Michaël Zasso @targos (TSC)
* Sakthipriyan Vairamani @thefourtheye (TSC)
* Trevor Norris @trevnorris (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)



## Agenda

### Announcements

* Matteo submitted a async iterators PR. Check it out! https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/17755 

### nodejs/node

* build: update minimum kernel version to 3.10.0 [#14795](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/14795)

Gibson: Basically we need to work out what our process is for dropping support for old versions (which we haven’t really had to do so far). Given that we’re supporting 10.x until April 2021, we should decide whether to bump our minimum supported levels before that time.

Trevor: Are there any other node dependencies that have a hard limit on the glibc and kernel versions they support?

Gibson: I’m not aware of any others that are stated. It’s also usually not an issue, as we can just choose to not update the dependency for the life of that LTS stream.

Trevor: In that case what’s the reason to drop support? Things should just continue to work.

Gibson: The problem is that these things are tied together. For example the gcc bump to 4.9.1 means we can no longer build on Centos 6 32-bit, as you can’t easily get that compiler on that OS. We have also hit glibc bugs in the past. Also once CentOS 6 goes EoL we might not be able to get build machines.

Jeremiah: Seems like a job for the Build WG

Matteo: +1

Gibson: I think part of the problem is that the Build WG isn’t sure whether they should decide or whether the TSC should decide. If consensus is that the Build WG should make a recommendation and TSC agree then I can put that forward as a proposal.

### nodejs/TSC

* Proposed New TSC Meeting Schedule [#444](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/444) 

Rich: Current change proposal based on participant availability is to keep the current schedule but move the 17:00 UTC meeting (this one) to 20:00. This will be a significant improvement for Daniel Bevenius, Evan Lucas, Joyee Cheung, Ali Sheikh, and Rod Vagg. The time is significantly worse for Franziska Hinkelmann and Matteo Collina (but worth noting that it goes from “perfect” to “I can make it sometimes” rather than “I can never attend” for those folks). If we have enough people here to approve this change, let’s do it. (It would warm my heart somehow if the people who are attending at this meeting time vote to change this meeting time.)

Myles: We should talk about whether the 12:00 UTC time works for the people for whom it is supposed to work.

Nikita: Put the code in the repo?

Rich: I’ll put it in the tools directory.

Votes on the change:

Yes: Michaël, Myles, Franzi, Ali, Jeremiah, Rich, Trevor, Nikita
Abstain: Matteo, Sakthi, Colin

* Mentorship initiative ramping up. [#443](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/443)
@mhdawson

Rich: This is Michael Dawson’s issue. He opened it and he put it on the agenda. He’s not here today, so I propose that we table it until he gets back (which is expected to be the second meeting in January). It seems like he may have only put it on the agenda for awareness anyway, so maybe go check out the issue and repo that is linked there?

Myles: I don’t know if anyone’s had a chance to read through it, but I took a look and talked to Dan Shaw. My thoughts are that the process seems well-designed and thorough. The person who put this together has been involved in Outreachy for a while. You can see there’s a graphic that’s useful to look at. The main working group that was identified as good for mentorship I thought was going to be Benchmarking, but for those of you in WGs that may want to have mentees (Streams? Build?), it would be good to review this document and see how it could be successful. As the TSC, if we want this to be successful, we should be engaging in this process.

* Strategic Initiatives - Tracking Issue [#423](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/423)

Rich: Moderation WG still trying to work out how we get necessary privileges in the near term. See https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/33. I am likely to put that issue on the tsc-agenda soon to try to get definite resolution.

Michaël: V8 6.4 is ready to land on master. Still not part of the stable channel (scheduled for Jan 23rd, 2018).

Jeremiah: Matteo’s [async-iterator support for streams3](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/17755) could fall under the ‘new streams apis’ initiative as it will certainly play a future role in future steams-y developments.

Myles: There’s a strategic initiatives refactor issue in the TSC repo. Introduces concept of a stakeholder (who is actively involved but not a champion).

* Document guidelines for accountability expectations for all members of the TSC and CommComm [#311](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/311)

Myles: This was an effort to increase accountability. We had some things happen (like expectations in nodejs/admin) but we haven’t done more like refine moderation and accountability policies as applies to TSC members etc.

Rich: I can take this back to the Moderation WG to see if it’s something they want to do. If not, then I can try to push something towards resolution. 


* Not all members of the GitHub org are members of the members team [#284](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/284) 

Rich: Based on @mikeal's comment, we should remove people from the members team if they are not in any other team. I’m going to do that unless there are objections. (Also, does anyone know if this was discussed by CommComm too? I wouldn’t want to surprise them.)

Myles: Is this something the Automation team could do?

Michaël: Instead, could we do it once, then make the members team a top level team and everyone inherits the membership?

Rich: Love it.

Myles: I’m a fan.

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
