# Node.js Foundation Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2018-03-14

## Links

* **Recording**:  
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/504

## Present

* Anna Henningsen @addaleax (TSC)
* –°–∫–æ–≤–æ—Ä–æ–¥–∞ –ù–∏–∫–∏—Ç–∞ –ê–Ω–¥—Ä–µ–µ–≤–∏—á @ChALkeR (TSC)
* Colin Ihrig @cjihrig (TSC)
* Franziska Hinkelmann @fhinkel (TSC)
* Jeremiah Senkpiel @Fishrock123 (TSC)
* Gibson Fahnestock @gibfahn (TSC)
* Joyee Cheung @joyeecheung (TSC)
* Myles Borins @MylesBorins (TSC)
* Ali Ijaz Sheikh @ofrobots (TSC)
* Micha√´l Zasso @targos (TSC)
* Sakthipriyan Vairamani @thefourtheye (TSC)
* Trevor Norris @trevnorris (TSC)
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements
 
*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/node

* Tracking Issue for Runtime Deprecation of Buffer constructor [#19079](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/19079)

  * Rich will take on concise statement.
  * Nikita is writing an upgrade guide

* Nominate @trivikr [#19067](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/19067)

  * Informational only
  * Jeremiah: Why is this on the meeting?
  * Rich: It‚Äôs in our documented process. It can be changed.

### nodejs/TSC

* Tracking issue for updating TSC on Board Meetings [#476](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/476)

  * Myles presented an update on the IBB bug bounty program that Security WG is doing a proposal for.

* Strategic Initiatives - Tracking Issue [#423](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/423)
  * N-api: [#19262](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/19262) PR take n-api out of experimental, no objections  üéâ, waiting to pass CI
  * Async Hooks:
    * Coming in 10.0:
      * Deprecation of legacy versions of node::MakeCallback
      * Both NAN and NAPI now have support for context propagation using the async hooks embedder API
      * If any native module authors would like assistance with handling these changes, they can contact @ofrobots, or look at examples: of native modules already migrated to propagate context correctly fsevents, bcrypt, node-sass
  * V8 currency: 
    * Master is on V8 6.5. Mostly performance improvements. Includes mitigations for spectre and meltdown vulnerabilities. Opened PR to disable those at build time by default: https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/19222
    * PR wip for V8 6.6 update. This will probably be the version that we ship in Node 10.
    * Will open an issue to discuss whether we want to prepare a forward ABI/API compatibility patch for V8 6.7 or even V8 6.8 to make it easier to upgrade during Node 10's lifecycle.

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.


